RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. pilRlCE.QMEGRAM.
(Chane the last letter but one of a word to form another word.) Wb: ha.ll we do-O maidens, can you answer this T urold the "Tourney's" honoured pride ? 10t ied11ant, famous knight is growmg tired and W easryi, forsooth, to lay his hap aside. Osnds tune your lyres. afresh, and sing a carol C setlyi if 'tis possible, with many a kindly smile; Fchd huin o retract the sentence uttered indiscreetly : i W reliy canot let him fold his arms and list awhile. ghat can ye do, O loyal knights, all clad in shining roueurst ntlet a brother go astray; CouldThaliawith magio wand, o'erpower him with her gld drawhim, 'midst the thickest of the fray ? i Toudrney " stars, shed forth your light, and may the rays allure him To banish thoughts of truancy beneath each genial smile ; And while ye raise a mighty song, emphatic'ly assure We really cannot let.him fold his arms and list awhile. What shall we do, 0 riddlers, to retain the friendship ever Of Archer B., whose name shall last for aye P- Who long has urged, with kindly aid and every firm en- deavour, The young recruits their courage to display; Whose genial smile is first a ray of sunlight falling o'er as, Whose merry, witty songs will many a weary hour be. guile. Sohelp me, riddlers, shout aloud a simultaneous chorus, ifl really cannot let him fold his arms and list awhile. MIaRON L. TAYLoB, Birkenhead. NARRATIVE DELETION. pp a letter from the word chosen, leaving another word, ex- pressed in the narrative. i-Come, sing, ye joyous bards, give me royal greeting, Raise on high your voices, sing out clear and free ; Come, like olden friends, join in this loving meeting, For J. C. has once more joined the "Riddling T." Long I've wandered from you all, braved ev'ry danger; Dried up is my ink, and my pen must rusted be; Toyou, one and all, I long have been a stranger, Still, I hope you'll welcome me in " Riddling T." In the happy days gone by, you saw my rhymes, sirs, And nearly ev'ry week my name you'd see, For I wrote of love, of politics, and times, sirs, And hope to write you more for " Riddling T." I'm glad to see the dear old friends around, Freddy Coulson, Adcock, clever B. de B., Carpenter, and Pickering, Harrington, too, are found, Within the noted ranks of " Riddling T." So strum your banjos, tune your harps of praise, For pleased indeed old Musa's sure to be When she sees this riddling knight of bygone days Has once again enlisted in the " Riddling T." J. C. CoLLIER. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrative.) 1.-The old bridge spans the river's breast As it did in the days long ago, And the sunbeams dance on the wavelet's crest With the same bright golden'glow. Onge more I hear a murmur deep That holds my soul in thrall, And how my heart with joy doth leap At the sound of the old waterfall i The fragile lilies bow and bend Till they kiss the water clear; The perfumes of wild flodwers lend A balmy sweetness to the air; Like fairy crafts the brown leaves steer Towards the glistening wall, One moment more to disappear 'Mid the strife of the old waterfall. I love to stand on the dear old bridge That trembles beneath my feet, And gaze far away to'the purple ridge o Where the earth and heavens meet, When the twilight changes from gold to grey, Ere the night rides over all. ]'re passed some peaceful hours away On the bridge by the old waterfall. T. COPEarrat. METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word) .-Aeross thy fathomless depths, 0 sea, A tender first has come to me From a loving heart in a foreign clime; And gaily now, as the lark above, Hly lips go singing, for glorious love Hus tuned my heart to a merry chime. When he I loved and a gallant band Set sail for that weary, distant land, My heart was filled with a sickening fear Lest a deadly spear from a ruthless hand Should lay him low on the desert sand, And never again lie might greet me here. And I sighed, "'Twere second at once to die, Than to live without my true love nigh, And never his cheery voice to hear; Yea, wiser far to relieve my soul From earthly third, and to reach that goal W here the heart knows nothing of sigh or tear." But the gallant ship which bears him home Now cleaves its way through the dashing foam, And a song is ever upon my lips; For his voice is borne on every breeze, And it whispers me of a heart at ease,. And a joy which never, may know eolipse. J. H. AsKEw, Gateshead-on-Tyne. 5.-Oh, Editor, please let me join The famous riddling band; I'll really strive to fight' with zeal 'Neatl your queen's ruling wand, ' In primal a metal you'll see, It begins with the letter t; Change head, a grievous fault you'll find, 'Tis hirtful both to soul and mind; We try to last in ev'ry race; Diviners, now-my three words trace. 6,-1My first for next a covering is, 'Tis oftenmade of leather 'Tisindispensable, I wis, To tihose who face the weather. A. AMIBERLEY. DOUBLE DIAGONAL ·PUZZLE. 7~-ry first is a violent gust of wind; Asy second a Syrian town;· An Austriaa province my third you'll find; A goddes,5 my fourth, of renown. y last is a servant most useful to all. Written down the foregoing will tell - town and a city in Europe, the names -f wfhichleVery, onp ought to know well
ARITHMOREM. (An acrostic. Theletters of oross words that are Roman numerals expressed in figures.) Foundation Words. 8.-A mid the knightly " Tourney" files, U nstraind is my total's wit. G rant that he'll yet provoke our smiles, U ntil each merry, friendly hit S hall win for him our punsters' praise, T he smile of Fame, the victor's bays. Cross Words. 105 and ratree From country he to country goes, O'er deserts hot, through Alpine snows. 101 ,, stur Thus ever are fair Nature's forms. 105 ,, asore Clothes worn at work; by some in storms. 101 ,, egyn The scholars, this with joyful fun, Ran off to play, for tasks were done. 2,001 ,, ust The fifth of Snowdon gained, we gazed Around on space, and felt amazed. 6 ,, ehtr " To prosper," sixth will mean, I'm sure. 56 ,, eos From these we have an oil most pure. 550 ,, seeen 'Mong tailors these are often found; Of cunning eye, of body round. AeoNISTzEs. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 9.-Hark to those sounds, the sounds of primal war I Behold the scene of Mars' relentless maw I A battlefield I ah, what a sight to see, Arena in which men, with final glee, With blood-dimmed sight, each other hack and slay, 'Midst roaring guns, cheered by the trumpet's bray. ross Words. You ask what first me here to.day P To write a riddle, I will say. And now, dear reader, this word view Amongst the ancients of Peru. In Russia, if you have a mind, You will this handsome city find. A beverage I greatly prize, Grown beneath celestial skieh. When this is near, I love to roam In country lanes far from my home. An outlaw, reader, please descry ; That's very easy, you will cry. R. L. JEFFERSON, Holborn. ACROSTICS. (A word,or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 10.-Where grasses spring and flowers grow, The hero silent sleeps ; The fruits of toil and strife below In Paradise he reaps. No earthly joys could win the love Unto his Maker giv'n; Now free from care he reigns above With angels bright in heav'n. Cross Words. The sovereign power that rules our race; 'Tis often worn with sorry grace. " May God defend this I" warriors cried, As fierce they fought, and bravely died. From chaos grew this happy state; Without it none are truly great. When Justice lifts the gleaming blade, The deadly blow by this is stayed. What many seek, and few unearth; A sparkling gem of priceless worth. On dizzy heights the monarch stands; No bird disputes his fierce commands. Their only fault in this is shown- Too faithful they to king and throne. How softly shines the queen of night I! Tired Nature sleeps beneath her light. E. A. CROUaR. Foundation Word. 11.-" Hark, hark I 'tis the roll of the enemies' drum I See, where their dark columns so steadily come 1 On, on, my prout war-steed, on, on, to the fray 1 On, on, with the force of the whirlwind I away !" She boldly bounds forth at the touch of the spur, What matters the rain of the bullets to her ? Her rider's brave spirit seems now in her veins, And hardly is stayed by the firmly-held reins. Cross Words. How gentle, how simple, how charming his lays ! B at troubled and painful, alas 1 were his days. Another bright gem in that glittering ring Of England's sweet songsters; long, long, may they sing. A writer renowned for narrdting the deeds Of daring Dick Turpin and such.like ill weeds. He loves a fat goose, but he'd rather have two, And for his good taste I can't blame him-can you P For liberty's cause and his country's right, For these, and these only, did this hero fight. Around her were gathered those sons of the wave, Bold Hawkins, learped Raleigh, and Frobisher brave. I'rove through the land of the wild Esquimaux, Th'e cold, sunless land of the iceberg and floe. E. BLAIR, Liverpool. CONUNDRUM. 12.-A poet took his pen and ink, And quietly sat him down to-think; At last a subject grand he found, Which he proclaimed with rapture, " sound I" He wrote to her who gave the theme, Who held fame as a golden dream His rolling eyes before. Of all the rest she was the best, Who aided when he was distressed For words of suited lore. He thought no ode could better be, So sent it to the 1. F. P. A conic author sat him down. Bis comic works this work should crown , With jokes that ne'er were uttered1, ... He laughed himself, his parrot laughed, They tittered till they nigh were daft- Even his' "3 " pen spluttered. 'Twas fllled with punsthis mirthful tale, '0 That to the "serious" one a bore is, 'Twas coloured high with narratives" In fact, I'd rather say with stories. Now tell me, then, ye maids and men- I'm sure that you must know it- The difference 'twixt the works of these, . The author and the poet. ._____
BrDTT fl. LENDLE. BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form anotlher word.): 13.-Oh, Editor, so learned, will you first this con-i for me ? For on that point I'm getting rather sore; And that it's very clever I am sure you will'agree''``. Or else I shall not send you any more. I:can write a clever riddle, or a picture I can third, ; Can second to my prizes, sir, as well; ' : , I J : s : I sing the sweetest song that ever yet was heard; - But, there,,my'talent I will cease to tell: , t d;",-. So hoping that you gaze upon these lines with glistaning eye, And do not fail to see their sterling wel), I think that I willnow toyou, dear~Ed., jut say good-bye, And wish to you prosperity and health. . " ' -- . ... J. i 'B.'BEpoMzIaT'ToP
CHARADES. (Formed on a wordasoh syllable of'whlah to a word.) 14.-Across the fields I watched with busy eye The first, which scampered on with lightning speed; The huntsmen gay upon his heels were nigh, Nor hedge, nor ditch, in the wild chase did heed, So eager in their haste to win the prize, Which, won, is scarcely worth the pains they spent; A victim sly, which e'en the fowls despise. For terror is his form, and vile is his intent. A next's a thing so worn by ladies now That not one dame without it could be found; And gents its aid have sought, I do avow, And shops near numberless with it abound; In fact, without it, thousands would go mad, So elegant it makes each one appear; It adds a certain charm to gay and sad; Thus fashion ever will its worth revere. Both side by side, how strange the metaphor I A herb medicinal a flower most bright !- Deceitful like the first! I would refer Ye to green banks to learn its name aright. 'Tis sad the blossoms of this graceful plant Should hold invidious poison in their cells; Appearances deceive each one must grant. Alas I so do these waving, clust'ring bells. F. G. W., Southampton. 15.-The weary trav'ller, plodding on his way, Observes my first with stealthy steps draw near; He looks around in veriest dismay- No house unto his vision doth appear. Yet stay I What light is that that gleams so red P Shout, traveller, shout I A hostelry's in sight. "What ho within there! Are ye all in bed ? Within this second I shall pass the night." My third breaks o'er the earth with baffled rage, The trav'ller laughs its frenzied threats to scorn; Beside the fire he says, " By mucilage I It's rather lucky I escaped that storm." And when it's over, he can hear the voice Of clear-toned whole resounding through the air; It seems to say, " All nature does rejoice." Rejoice, too, riddler, and the key declare. THE RED JROss KNIGHT. 16.-The word selected for my first As quantity is best explained. And now say you'd a picnic planned, But, ere you journeyed forth, it rained, And wetted thoroughly the land ; Of last would you not have complained? I think so. My whole unto you will reveal A very clever poet's name, Who in the " Tournament" has reaped Bright laurels and e'erlasting fame. Her smiles our queen has o'er him hoaped, And has he not deserved the same ? I think so. T. RoYsToN, Birmingham. 17.-The lawyer bent his brow upon his hand. Quoth he, " I have a first which will explain If I can prove your title to the land, Or if your enemy his cause will gain. A point of law of just as nice degree Has often won a more unjust decree." He drew old " Blackstone " from his total shelf, And pondered long upon a knotty line; Then, as I calculated how much pelf I hoped to win, his bony hand seized mine. "I'll prove your next," said he--"'tis not too late; But, mind, I'm agent for your new estate." A. E. HOOPER. 18.-I warn you, ladies fair; my first Is what some men pretend, Who rather would their honour lose Than deign yours to defend. My next you'll think a paradox, When I the truth confess, That when compared with little things 'Tis found to be still less. 'My whole, when you have found aright, You'll see, in half a glance, A gallant of our "Tourney" is, Who wields a trusty lance. T. NIxow, Dudley Colliery. 19.-When my first is o'er the earth, Oft my whole takes sudden birth, And fantastic visions seize us: Mountains seem to fall and squeeze us, Or the wind, with sudden whiff, Whirls us o'er a fearful cliff; Or we ride on a mad second, Or by ghastly ghost we're beckoned. Frightful is my whole, you'll find, If you've got a solving mind. Txoaxoaruos. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) 20.--Oh, my heart is gay on this summer day, And filled with the brightest of fancies; For my lover has gone, on Cupid's wings borne, To gather the sweetest of pansies-. To gather sweet pansies for me. .My lover he dwells by the side of the bells That ring out so'gaily to-day; And my heart is true to the fond laddie who Is, gathering pansies, away- Is gathering pansies for me. They say if you'd miss the truest of bliss, You'd marry a parson for love; But next am assured that the rule is ignored When Cupid hies straight from above, And he's found a safe captive in me. I anxiously wait by the ivy-decked gate For a sight of my lover so true, And I watch his returning with cheeks truly burning. First the words that he utters are few, They're sweeter than pansies to me. EX ELSIOR. TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 21.-A well-known fruit if you transpose, Another fruit it will disclose. DEznANcgES.