RIDDLE TOURNAMENT.::,'' NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITIONS.
(The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word. in the opnrrative.) 1.-Though Kate is not a vulgar name, I will obey thee, sister mine ; So hear me swear-I mean proclaim- That henceforth I say Catherine. The name is strong upon me yet; But, 'neath thy influence benign, The awful habit, you may bet, I shall eradicatherine. Not satisfied? But lives there one Who woman's nature can divine? Such scurvy treatment of me none, I feel, could vindicatherine. Unblushing girl ! thy conduct makes Me wroth, and punishment condign It merits; so that bag of cakes I now must coniscatherine. Oh. no, you don't, then I Not a crumb, Much less a cake, will I resign, And if you want them, you must come And humbly supplicatherine. You've had enough ? I thought you had; So take your buns, and if you still Think Kate a vulgar name, egad, I'll call you Kat-by Jove, I will I D. Gow. 2.-H ist I heard ye not the herald's warning voice ?- "C ome to the lists." The tournament's begun. P roudly each warrior,his lady's choice, R eius in his steed, while the bright morning sun I s back reflected from each burnished shield. C restfallen, most must fall ere day be done, E nvying those who bear the honours off the field. But in our " Tournament " 'tis diff'rent quite, For many there have gained a noble name; The warriors here do only sit and write, Dyeing the paper with a darker stain Than ever fell upon th' ensal guined plain. Observe above the name which meets your sight; Its accents are well known in Young Folks fame. May they for many ages so remain. P. S., Belfast. CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word.) 3.-Where are our gallant riddling bards P Why hide they from our sight ? How oft we miss their cheering lays, So matchless in their might! Where are our brave old " Tourney " knights ? And where our ladies, too P Are all our ancient, honest friends Absorbed and lost in new " We love new friends, but dearer far Are those loved ones of old." With such a song within your hearts, Why have they grown so cold P How gladly would we welcome all, If all would but return ! For one sweet touch of old-time joys, Our souls with longing burn. Does life's afflictions first you, friends, And turn your hearts away P Does manhood's pride oppress you, friends ? Are you too old to stay ? Return again, dear riddling bards, And next will be forgiven; Still let us in the " Tourney '' strive, As we before have striven. F. G. WEBB, Southwark. CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop aletter from the centre of a word to form another.) 4.-Love's'silken chains are lightly worn By many a youth and maiden, But Reason says, when rashly borne, With sorrow they are laden. Although ye vow your love shall last For ever and for aye, In after years, when youth is past, Your wiser heart will say: " Lovely flowers will first and die, Happiness away will fly; Even love, though wide his sway, Must a greater Power obey. And when Faith, the mighty mover, Fails, then dies the hopeless lover; Next all thoughts of pleasures past, Thought with gloom is e'er o'ercast." E. A. CnoAt. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 5.-My first, though insignificant, Some mighty work has done; An article so common, 'Tis known to every one. Nerx is still more common, Is met with every day In city or in country, Where'er you chance to stray. Most useful is my last, I trow, In bringing to our shore Those luxuries of every day Used by both rich and poor. My whole, a very general art, These verses bring to view. If you, dear friends, have guessdd aright, 4dmit my words are true. J. A. B. 6.-Oli, night I transcendent night I Last thee I now indite (P.S.-By candlelight) This ode so brisk and bright. * * * Oh, night I! enchanting night ! When starp are twinkling bright, When.calm is at its height, When everything goes right, Then on the tiles alight, With movements quick and sprite, Thecats. Oh, horrid sight! They hiss and scratch and bite, And howl with all'their might, Engage first awful fight, And send man white with fright, Till, in a sorryplight, He gets his gun; bang's right STotal the midst of quite Six dozen cats. Oh, night ! How beauteous in thy sight Appear the things I write I * -$ . *., , The end I'll now indite: You must be tired.quite Of night, transcendent night. E. L. HoLLAD'. 7.,-y first the summer sky o'erhead Does to the eye appear; Mynext,-upon a Sabbath morn, Sound sacred to mine ear; My sholo;now on the hedgerow banks, " .With seeming mddest grace, nsilence drbop, a if they shy ° The gay world were to face. T, Naxo, Dudley Colliery
. ACOSTIC8. A. word, or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 8.-iLto.q's Paper! Telegraph or Times, sir ! Full of plots and dynamite, lots of orful crimes, sir ! Want a daily paper, sir P The Echo or the News, sir P Special! specdall special You cannot that refuse, sir. Dreadful battle on the Nile! Rebels killed! Great slaughter! Funny breach of promise case! Death of Would.be's daughter I Latest news of Gordon ! Another awful murder Mrs. Weldoni back in court i Everybody's heard her. Speciall just out Special, sir Speciall special! special! Oross Words. I don't care what you say, it is a name, Though strange 'twould sound if you were called the same. He stood before me begging; I offered a piece of bread; The wealthy beggar took it, ant lifted his trunk on his head. You sing of other flowers of spring, in sweetest melody, But though I give a rich perfume, you seldom sing of me. " When shall we meet ?" I asked, as we gave our parting kiss; She looked at me so hopefully, and, smiling, answered this. 'Tis not a stick, though 'tis a "staff," we say; I trow we see and eat it every day;, I cut it in pieces, as here you may descry; 'Twould seem it " ocut" mes for it surely made me cry. The victor held his trusty sword on high, And to the fallen knight said, " Last, or die I" .EDITH K. RENDLB. Foundation Word. 9.-He fell, and with his fall a nation sighed For one of more than even kingly pride. The battle smoke loomed 'fore his fading eyes, The cannon's roar t' his failing voice replies. "They run." "Who run ?" he cried, fresh vigour lent. "The foe." "Thank Heaven I" he said, and fell back spent. Cross Words. His sword was planted on the whole world's neck, Till British sabres gave a sudden check. The land whose flag waves high on every sea; What poets call the laud of liberty. A most prolific writer here we find, With works to please the most romantic mind. All honour to his grand and glorious name- A bright, unquenchable, poetic flame. Across the desert's burning wastes he strides, And the proud Arab's fleetest steeds derides. He shed his blood but at his country's call: Sad fate that he should as a raitor fall. E. BLaiR, Liverpool. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 10.-I read in Young Folks once of two bright stars, Which o'er these pages did their light diffuse; The first was Venus and the second Mars, And on these two I for a time would muse. The " Seven-Pointed Star" of warlike guise Did o'er me with ensanguined brilliance shine; But see! another star ascends the skies, Shedding a pure, calm light, almost divine. Reader, which of these stars did you admire P The gallant Rupert Carlyon's noble deeds- He who could fight with such undaunted ire, Pierced by whose brand th' ignoble Guiscaed bleeds, Or she who, " Uncle Jacob's Star" yclept, Shed light and beauty o'er his mansion gay, She who o'er others' sorrows sat and wept, And paid his debt for him who could not pay P (Ambitious thought I) Oh, would that I could use My pen like those who write these pleasing tales I Laugh not at me, dear riddlers, nor abuse ; " Immortal hope" in every breast prevails. And I may yet on " Tourney's " pages shine (Though not like Rupert in his brilliant sphere), While these poor puzzle.offerings of mine Send forth their rays, as farthing candles clear. PATRICK S. MONOPHONE. (Words qs different meaning, but the same in sound.) 11.-Tho cry of first upon a ship Is heard with fright alway; The emblem of a well-known place My second will display. M. F. GERaU, Fermoy. METAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another word.) 12,-One first I went to next a bill; The cashier unto me did third, "'Twas in last fourth the account began;" I said, " It really seems absurd." "Absurd though it fourth seem to you," He said, "it does not unto me; And, if you do not quickly second, We soon will add to it a fee." F. PsILLPrs, Mottingham. 13.-First'you'll find's oft made of delf, It holds the meat upon the shelf ; Change head, and you will quickly see A little building next will be; Now, riddlers, please change head again, The meaning " much" third will contain; Change head-to find, you will not fail, A man-who's fond of drinking ale. But now I'll end my little rhyme, With hopes we'll meet some other time. G. A. JoNEs, Liverpool. 14.-Is there an eye that' does not love to gaze Upon the lovely things which earth displays, When at the sound of Spring's sweet voice they wake, And from their' inter bondage gently break P Is there an ear that does not love to hark : To the soul-stirring warblings of the lark, When joyously his upward flight he wings, And all his varied melodies he sings ? Is there a youth who does not love to be Upon the bosom of a peaceful sea, ' WVith first sufficient breeze to:waft his boat, Which o'er the untroubled deep doth gently, float ? If such there be, I pity Ihis lone state, AAil wrnn, nn+. Andrl nfat hn,,e him fnr a made.
But he who loves the flow'rs, the birds, and sea, Last truly, surely, be akin to me. S.,WooD. ROTATION CHANGE. (Ohange.theletters of a word in succession to form other words.)' 15.- To day we took a stroll within a first, But very soon a storm upon us burst. My second, I must tell you. is a bird;' .Of which, no doubt, you've veryoften heard. IMy third, you'll find, will mean to lie in wait, And that is really all that Ibcan state. Nowi, how it all occurred , qdite:forget, But with my ipuil next I lost the bet. ' dearly lovedd this pretty, iti lass,. i But sie pohliely said I w us naS ass'. . A. 8HALsL. Eennington.
SPALINDROM.E. (A word which eadbaokwards or forwards is stitl the same.) 16.-I qol .till you a terrible tale-- In fact, I could toll yon a score, Hearing which you would turn very pale, And, I think, scarcely ask me for more. For the stories to WhichI now this Are really apt to appal So it surely.were better, Iwis, If I didn't relate them at all. One, entitled " The Ghost and the Groom," Would cause you to shiver with fear; And another-" A Voice from the Tomb"- I couldn't let you possibly hear. There are several more, as I've said, With similar titles to'these ; I have learnt them from books I have read- Just bear that in mind, if~y0ouplease. So, you see, there are three reasons why I don't give the narratives here. Reason one: You the volumes may buy, And read them yourselves, readers dear. Reason two: I am hard pressed for space- In other words, I have no room. Reason three: I would not be so base As to throw o'er your feelings a gloom. AUcHan B., Kentish Town. PRECE.OMEGRAM. (Ohange the last letter but one of a word to form another word.) 17.-Tim Kittener, first whom a clown himself Were not a greater mirth-provoking elf, Amused companions and himself as well By sundry tricks, one whereof I will tell. One day, while standing in the busy street, A passing cabman he did thusly greet: "Hi I cabby, hi) Do you know Southland-square ?" "Yessir," said cabby. " Often driven there." " D'ye know," said Tim, next fingering his fob, "Turk.street P" The man, expectant of a job, Said, " Yessir," eagerly. " You know Bun.lane, Of course P" said Timothy. " Yessir," again Replied the cabman, growing now surprised, And answ'ring with impatience ill.disguised. " You do know all these streets?" said Timothy. " In course I do," said cabby, sullenly. " Well, so do I," replied the brazen Tim, And walked away. The man stared after him, And soon from under his moustaches poured A flood of words, which I will not record. D. Gow. OMEGRAMS. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 18.-What shall I buy for sister Jane Upon her natal day P The question gives me endless pain, And drives all joy away. Of collars she has ten in store, First rings and bracelets in galore- "Her lover's gifts;" but, oh, be sure And don't tell what I say. I next she has a host of gloves, And cuffs in grand array; Her hats are " such delicious loves," Her kerchiefs bright and gay; No need of cosy wraps has she, Her furs are warm as warm can be, And what she really wants, to me A poser is to-day. I hate to buy a birthday card (They sell such common stuff); The wind is blowing cold and hard, But then she has a muff. What can I do ? But, there, I know: Away to Leadenhall I'll go, For there I saw last week, on show, A mongrel dog called Fluff. F. G. WEBB, Southwarlk. 19.-What was it on the cold, wet stones, Out in the piercing blast P The " priests " and " Levites" heardits moans, But hurried quickly past, And in their hearts felt no remorse; For had they not their cares P They pitied it ? Oh, yes, of course ; But 'twas no fault of theirs. A policeman walking on his beat Shook it with cruel joy. " Move on," said he. It gained its feet- A ragged, starving boy. He looked around with fearful eye, So weak he scarce could stand; A good Samaritan came by And took him by the hand. He led him to a house hard by, Where large fires brightly blazed; The outcast soon was warm and dry, And, wondering, round him' gazed. A hearty first of next and bread Was soon before him laid. "What does it third?" the outcast said, His friend then answer made : " My boy, you're here to learn a trade, So do the best you can; For many a lad like you has made A good and honest man." A. E. HOOPER. ENIGMA. 20.-There is no place upon the earth Where you cannot find me; You may search over all the world, Either on land or sea; Yes, if you go to foreign climes, You'll find me there, I ween; And yet withal, where'er I am, I aniu not to be seen, The Young Folks Paper would not charm If it were not for me.; No editor, no printer, and No readers would there be. I came when first'the world was made, 'Fore Adam was, was I, And shall be till the world doth end, When everything must die . T. H. HJv.