RIDDLE TOURNAMEI1
ENIGMAS. 1.-The world I increase and diminisa with ease.. A pigmy or giant are you, as I please; The near I make distant, the distant bring neat The plain I obscure, and the cloudy I clear. You visit me daily, and certainly few Of the friends you consult are as faithful and t I share your best joys with the friends of ySurh I am called when you meet, I am called when yon In your heurt's brightest glowings 1 am on yoer My sparkles and sunshine bring sorrow's eclip - But brief as the poppy's too transitive bloom _ The pleasure I yield is succeeded by gloom. I am in your dwellings, as you may suppose, Sometimes in your pocket, sometimes onu ou A tumbler, unfitted for tumbles or sports ; No wrangler, I make the most splendid retorts. I bear well your breath, but a blow would ends Now, merry riddlers, I ask, " Can you see thr Eme 1 E. Joae 2.-I roam from east to west, from north to south, I use good language, though I've got no mouth. I sometimes make foes friends, sometimes friends q I'm found in every loaded musket barrel. They sometimes hang me, guiltless of a crime, Sometimes i'm used in prose, sometimesin rhyme; I'm used in every branch of education, I'm chief rememnbrancer to all the nation. Without my aid the World would soon decay; The Times would end, the Sun would melt away, I show salvation to the sinner's eyes, And often soar mysell unto the skies; And like the stubborn pig my temper show- When pulled the one way, I tile other go. To bring my various virtues to an eud, I'm always thought a necessary friend. E. NAINBY, Chiswjl- METAGlRAMS. (Ohange the ilrst letter of a word to foram another worl 3.-1Must you go ? Ah, must you leave us? Must we o'er your loss deplore? First the parting sore does grieve us! Must you go f'r evermore ? Sweet your presence-sweeter seeming Next the time has come to part; Like a time of pleasant dreaming Broken by a sudden start. Nevermore the clear voice ringing Like a silver bell we'll hear, Restfulness and sweet thoughts bringing, With a kindly word to cheer. In your place may come another, Kind and goot and true, isma be; We may try our grief to smother, But we'll e'er rememter thee. Take this thought as on life's river, Steering for a brighter land: Thou hast, following for ever, Kindly hearts at thy colmand. EaDIT K. RmiU 4.-He walked in silence down the busy street, Ignoring all the laughing passel s.by; They saw that he did not look ver) neat, They saw, too, that hefirst a next black eye; But what cared he for jeering, foolish boys- He I who had sailed far o'er the briny main- He I who had tasted both of woes and joys- He I who had fought for love-but did not gain? He walked along; his moody brow grew dark As he received a snowball in his eye! The youngsters evidently meant a lark, And " pasted" him until they made him cry. He walked up to a p'liceman standing near, And asked for help against those children nad; But, no! old "Robert" flew off like a deer, Afraid, perhaps, of being served as bad. At last he had to run himself, and soon He left the mischief-makers in the rear ; He reached a field, and fell down in a swoon (The urchins hunted then for other cheer), At length he woke, all bruised and in great pain, And " made" for home as quickly as he could. He never visited that street again; What's more-he quickly left the neighbourbsa F. J. HonoGE, Gleenwiu. 5.-First land is this that I have been Transported to so suddenly ? Entranced, I gaze upon the scene Next spreads before my 'raptured eye. A heavy perfume fills the air From flow'rs that ev'rywhere abound; And crystal founts and statues fair Appear, while music breathes around, But, ohl ye gods, what form is this That now appears upon the scene? An angel of the realms of blss She surely is, or once has been? Among the trees she blushing stands, Just like a timid, snow.white dove; While I advance and grasp her hands, And cry, "Sweet maid, didst ever love?" A deeper shade surcharged her cheek And mouuted to her marole brow, The while I wildly bid her speak: bbh whispers, " Ne'er, oh, ne'er till now I clasped her to my 'raptured breast, My lips of hers the nectar sipped: A twingel ashookI Eh ? VThbt? Oh, I paid the dentist then and skippedJ. WT LOGOGRIPH. (A word which may be t.n~e ansa metiram, e- iordatlulr tion, anid tramnsposition, but leaves a peret we oplsation.) ~ , 6.--Wmehoee, m:aprecious stone, ,tuttl you will,behead, Thbdi I shall be inetead A title *idely'kndwn. And if you'di not mind, PleaFrhtakld my 'tail away; "And then, as clear as day, Ptart of us allyou'll ind. Now, all, please that transpose; . i; : b:A paper's for you waiting . (To stage affairs relating),. Which pyegybody knows. I .v CONUNDRUM. 7.-Dear riddlerse your attention To have,,X ,humbly, pray; So listen for a moment, please, and hear what I've to say. "I wish th'sk a question-. The answer you must find; That is, unless--oh, awfunl fatel IUnless my con's declined. N ow,:will you kindly!tell me Why parasols are used By dressmakers o, milli e -- .Bu he thin it oner " udtaen the ansis r'epl.1 AnlAjaif r mloadin4obddlers oJaatil IcoBme - -in Fulhah
TOONOPHONE. of different meaning, but the same in sound.) Sand a sqnire were out walking one fine '~shining brightly, and the birds sang merry aL he was drowsy, and continually kept ydwn. e squire kept looking at him, and seemed fairly more they journeyed onward primal's sleepiness o osed; he rooked aboat, and thrice he ly fell; uire became quite anxious what was matter to ';o0ing, 0ment that the primal nearly tumbled down a og his heavy stupor, and surveying nature's de onward with the squire through the little entry town, dthat all the people were attending to their She squire and himself daily wandered up and eo. by a field of turnips close beside a field of the pmal and the squire to a stand beneath a esquire, "See yon field? It belongs my brother -ry fnal field," answered primal, "I can primal, "See yon cloud, sir, how it now begins lower? _betbe getting homeward." Quoth the squire, owe had; no wish of mine, sir, to be drenched through in primal, "'Twould be fearful; it would really too bad I'' ome they quickly started, but they had not far ceeded e rain came down in torrents as they trudged ough mud and mire; y round that al their strength and all their rgy they needed, very pretty picture cut the primal-and the squire. T. Srons. PRECE.OM:EGRAM. helaetletter but one of a word to form another word.) elived an old woman who owned a first cat, briceless cat, a marvellous cat; d never allow it to handle a rat, s priceless cat, this marvellous cat. tied about with its head in the air, eyed every one with an insolent stares sleptin its mistress's cosiest chair, is priceless cat, this marvellous cat. husband detested the arrogant cat, is haughty cat, this insolent cat, oftentimes said he would trample down fiat s wife's fine cat, this wonderful cat. should he attempt just to kick it, that wife Id fill the small cottage with broiling and strife, ilhe would vow that he'd have the cat's life. priceless cat 1 oh, much-beloved cat i morning, neat fighting once more o'er the cat, s priceless cat, this marvellous cat, other they stabbed, and the cause for all that as just this cat, this dear little cat. pussy, too lazy to look for some food, troving about in a sorrowful mood, soon tumbled dead, of all sleekness quite nude, prpnceless at, this marvellous cat. F. G. WEsnB Southwark. NARRATIVE CENTRAL CHANGE. the central letter of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) Mrs. B., of Camden Town, Why, oh, why have you thus changed P Why upon your Peter frown ? Why are our two hearts estranged P Since we two have married been, Yoe too much have "kept me down;" Would that you were Widow Green Still, instead of Mrs. Brown I Once you neatly darned my socks, Now you leave them full of holes; And my pride it sorely shocks When you make me fetch the coals, Then it's very hard to be Cleaning windows half the day; Whilst those girls at No. 3 Laugh at me across the way, Once I spent my Sunday morn Smoking very mild cheroots; Now, With features sad and worn, I must clean the boarders' boots. AOftd Iy fate have I bemoaned, ,nd I still the days deplore, tien, a lodger,too, I owned aooms upon the second floor. Waves of passion o'er me roll, When--0 cruellest f wives !- I, in bitterness of soul, Wash the steps and clean the knives, A my joys have faded quite, and 1 ofttimes drop a tear In the lodgers' jugs at night, When I fetch the supper beer. Once, ma'am, I was brave and bold; Now I am subdued and meek, lnce you unto me have doled P,,opence halfpenny per week oleket-money. Oh, it's hard That whilst other folks I sde Eating winkles, bread.and.lard I'm restricted to, for tea. People point to me in scorn Asa fated henpecked man. Oh, that I had ne'er been born! FOr since married life began, . bath aed, and gone is pride; yad if I myself should drown, Mrapven me to suicide, rs, B,, of Camden Town, F, R. Covuson.. REVERSION. nrO which read backward. forms another word se pardon me if I intrude, lo h ..e uld not think me rude, Uattention award me, I pray. ridle to write first asnd then idhe for farfamed "R. T.," Sope you wi:l often again Ip name ain these columns see, . *yocr plea R -oyston, extend., AdYl 0-Pleaee, a welcoming hand, o me a wandering fiend Ani Ourfar.famod and riddliing band; la .ebn Lottl0W., too, t ad ro ddl ith Rendle as well, As riddleever stauch, able and true, nt eordc_ylfdy aen tell. IhopeiYa dearfrienids, I must end- 1e om~.. our, esteem. n I rove, I hope, whba I seem. FLomac GaemARRD,
TRIPTICH. (Use two words, and form a third word of the last syllable of the first, and the first syllable of the second.) Triptioh. 12.-With flexible tongue he will bustle about you, His affable manner beyond a reproof; But gossip and scandal there's not the least doubt you Will find are but seldom from under his roof. First Word. In countrified places we often may find it, Its milky-white croses.gates obstructing the way;O And maybe a sweet little lassie will mind it, Who'll curtsey, and tell us there's twopence to pay. Second Word. In autumn, no doubt, you've had joy without measure, When searching for many a one in the lane; The taste of the luscious black fruit was a pleasure That mellow September may bring us again. LoTTiE W. AND MIARIDO TATLOu. ARITHMOREIM. (An acrostic. The letters o oross words that are Roman numerals expressed in Sgures.) Foundation Words. 13.-A Young Folks story, which, no doubt, You all have read with pleasure, Containing much amusement and Instruction in great measure. Cross Words. 1,u52 and t . Afraid-wanting courage; 500 ,, nesorn To echo, or sound; 2,000 ,, tenssarrbae Doubt, or perplexity; 100 ,, rae Portion of ground; 500 ,, srnny Several, various; 55 ,, runae Means to explain; 1,000 ,, oar To wander or travel; 10 ,, sees A county obtain ; 100 ,, trespe A ghost, or a phantom; 1,001 ,, taeste To value, or rate; 1,060 ,, enep A pattern, or model; 50 ,, haktene A name it will state; 110 ,, cuse A plea, or a pardon; 6 ,, were '1To alter, review; 1,050 ,, sona A fish of the river Familiar to you. J. A. MARSHALL AND S. W. HAYES. ACROSTICS. (A word, or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. li.-Upon the deck I stood at night, And leaning 'gainst the pmanl's side, Gazed with emotions of delight Across the swiftly-flowing tide, Towards the quaint, old-fashioned port, Whose lights gleamed brightly o'er the bay. Around me ships of every sort, Secured by their stout cables, lay, Their lanterns swaying as they rolled Upon the tide so klzely. And on the right, so grim and bold, The old fort frowned upon the sea, Cross Words. If you in first to solve this riddle try, No one, I think, will be more pleased than I, For wh. n a con, is solved quite next, the bard (Who p'r'aps for many hours has Iital-ed hard, Thinking to puzzle th rd inquiriug mind) With touchingJourth does his filth of en find. A. AMBERLEY, M]anchester. Foundation Word. 15.-When the wild waves rage and tempests roar, And the good ship, stoat and strong, Towards the reef on the rock-bound shore Is swiftly borne along, Then my primal light shines bright and clear O'er the seething, foaming sea, And enables the gallant crew to steer Their way in safety. Cross Words. A poet in the warlike days of old Who sang the deeds of knight and warrior bold. Caught in the next, the fight for life was vain; Down, down they sank, and ne'er were seen again. In Eastern lands 'tis worn by night anda day To drive the evil spirits far away. His followers raised a fourth abo6ve hisgrave, In memory of their hero, grand and brave. Full many afiftlh you'll find in Egypt's land; Some upright, some half buried id the sand. This fabled goddess of each lofty mZount Also presides o'er meadow, wood, aind fount. THE UNKNOWN, Gateshead. CUVTAILMENT. (Drop the final lotterof a word, leaving another word.) 16.-Oh, is this not a halppy band of knights and ladies fair, That gather round a reverend sage who evenly doth share His honour and advice, well meant to direct from the wrong, Amongst those of his worthy trust, the slaves last tale and song? Each writes in merry, tuneful verse jokes that will cheer the sad- : ' To laughter. ' What a precious boon to know an art so glad! And each, first, sings in praises loud of his deserving brother- Not stinging envy rakes his breast who rates below another. But weekly, by an honest mean, each steers an upward course, An action that must meet reward and bring no fell re- morse To play the tyrant on his heart; for he who serves the . will Of Honesty hath claims to peace, though fame outreach his skill. And locked in Friendship's fond embrace, may long we still remain To look on grumbling Faction's face with undisguised disdain, And work with honour while we strive to reach the throne of Fame, And, once it reached, there proudly reign with an un. sullied name. T. NI xo, Dudley Colliery.