RIDDLE TOURN AMENT.
As we are frequently asked how certain riddles are formed and solved, we hope to afford an answer to all such questions in the following EXPLANATIONS : Aerostlc.-A puzzle formed on several words--ca!l'd cross words, or lights-tee intilals of which form the nlume of soum person or thing., whieh Is the nanwer. Aritltiiiisaitea .-Tle answer is folln In the initial letters of certain cross wnoll, as in the acrostic. Iut the letters to the cross weO ds which are equivalont to lRomai nu rleralts re tanll olt nsd expressed in lglulres. The remntilaini let tern are then Set down III auv order that may he most prp eltug. Tho anllinlll ronsitts t reseoring each cross word to itspl oper form, and giving the wsord flor!lmd hby the llitll!s. Illeilarslmn.--aorle,t by ihanrltn the oecnnl letter in the word oen which thle puzzle Is found-d. T'he oliiarI tnlli" he rentedli. as in ship. skip, slip. ,nip, but a perfect wvrd must be formed in ta,'li uhinIae. CsartIllIentloi.-The final letter of a word is taken away, leavitnl a comnpletae wrrd. liecnlpllinloi.--The initial letter is taken away, leaving a complete word. Itnn this puzzle and the curtailment, the opsera- tLin nsl.y he perfo.u ml severatll times. DIelllatfn.-iolle los ter is taknli oit of a word, loeavin a com- plete word. Usually the central letter is ch, slt for dolotit in, as ir coast, cost. Longolrili-pl.-A pulzzle in which all the riddler's art mlly he exercised on one,t word. It may be decapitatr-d. clrlnt led. delered, transpoed, and slubject to almost every kiind of treatment, but after each chltinge a porf.ct wrt od isnlt remainl. Mtolnrlunal.-A puzzle In which the linitial letter of a word is chamiied otnce or several times, the letter substitulted for the originial always completirng a perfect word. .lsnllaoplho. i.--A ptlzzle forlred otil several words differently spelled., anrd haVilnlig iiffenet IntIalilsgt. bhut it:ke in sourid. Onie'rranii.-A puzzle formed by changinglli the final letter of a word. the letter substituted for the orlginal always comlpletinll a perfect world. Palistflronulll.-A puzzle formed nn a word which remains the same when read from the enm, or hbackwords, as eye, 11unnalh. APolyplsoniu.--A puzzle formed oin one word as hioe l hs dilt-rent souads and hears a different meoanrtlg with eacht ehaun of pro- nunciation, as lead, lead. The former ia aactive verb, the latter the name ofi a metal. itesversinon.-simrply what its name itmplies. A puzzle in which ia wrd is chosen that may be read from the end and then forms anoll er perfect word. as live evil. 'rrlalspostlllon.-A puzzle formed by changing the psiltions of tihe letters of whicll a word is composed suns to form a dilferent perfect word by each change. A few words to our riddlere. Our files are beginningi to wear a poor and lean appearance. We are specially surprised at the falling off of the charade stock, as we were usually well supplied with riddles of that class. Curtailments, deletions, enigmas, logogriphs, palin- dromes, and reversions also show symptoms of decline, for which we are unable to account. Will contributors bestir themselves to amend this state of things --ED.