j"IDLE TOURNAMENT. B ?AN EATIVE DUAGEAMS.
fne the first two letters of a wolrd to form another word, ox. pressed in the narrative.) 1.-I stand upon the river brink Of bitter sorrow, woe, and pain, And sorrowingly seem to think I se'er saall be myself again. This river flows beneath my feet (I stand upon the curb-it rains!); I watch how swiftly down the street The water rushes to the drains. And as I mark its onward course. My bitter grief and great despair Call tears to trickle from their source And swell the current flowing there. For Mary Jane, the faithless jilt, Has spurned me for a beastly churl; I'll plunge a dagger to the hilt Into her heart, the heartless girl! 'Tis thus she gently writes the'news:- "Dear Bob, I weep to have to say Another chap stands in your shoes, So you had better keep away! "He is a man with heaps of brass, And recklessly he has supplied Those golden trinkets which, alasl You have so meanly me denied. "Although his dress is rather loud, Witlh pearly buttons, I surmise HIe is not of the vulgar crowd, But some great rich lord in disguise. "To-night he brings his handsome fly To drive me o'er the swarthy moor- I hear its wheels -so now ' Good-byo!' A donkey-barrow's at the door." And this is why I weep, my frienj. Pray sympathize with me, for I Have lost toy love. My tale here ends, For in that rivulet I'll die. R. W. AND W. ANDraEWS, Iampstead. A gay young man was Mortal Shrieks, by Fortune blessed and potted ith much of wealth and hearty health, and one that never fretted; d Shrieks met with a charming maid, whose name was Human Screams, sir, hose pretty face soon held first place in all his hopes and dreams, sir. w, Shrieks at once came to the point-he vowed he - loved the oilely," d Human blushed and "hushed," and pushed, but murmured she " was ready." ell, Mortal Shrieks and Human Screams were wedded and made one, sir, d Wails, their offspring, brought them joy, of trouble gave them none, sir. or Mrs. Shrieks (late Human Screams) was anything bat fat, sir, t in his pride her liege-lord cried, "'Tin human ; what of that. sir P" wever, Mister Shrieks was large, and anything but thin, sir, d strange 'twas, while old Shrieks would smile, his " dove" would broadly grin, sir. termed his wife his " honey jar," his necessary " rib," sir, "gal " whose eyes scorned tears and sighs, and never told a fib, sir. f 'tis to tell how, when eve fell, and with the day played pranks, sir, e couple roved,'and cooed, and 'doved, down by the river's banks, sir; d, horror I Mrs. Mortal Shrieks slipped-fell into the water, lie Mr. Shrieks, with ghastly cheeks, to laud all safely brought her. e cold immerson and the shock proved Mrs. Shrieks's death, sir- sy might have cried for help, but th' tide robbed both the Shrieks' of breath, sir. hired a nigger-hand to help at cleaning board and table, o me this man," he sighed, " ne'er can as Mrs. Shrieks be able." seah massa," spoke Sambo, one day, "an ep'taph won't yer gib her, how she ceased tor lib-yer 'rib'-frue fallin' in de ribber!" V. D. TATYLOR, Warrington. 3.-I once worked with a gentleman Whose name was Ephraim Squire; And while at his work day by day It often raised his ire To see that some of the letters be got Were addressed to E. Squire, E-squire. J. BIRRELL, Belfast. NARRATIVE TRINOGRAM. tchnee tthird letter of a word to form another word in the narratlivoe. .)nly words composed of six letters and upwards are oligible.) The signal is given, the wild steeds are driven, d h'reastplates and armour are clashing and rivei ; he thunder of conflict, the din and the clamour, a lists have ne'er seen sueach a wild panorama. e turning, the wheeling, the checking, the whirling, e charging, the wrenching, the striking, the twirling, ise rushing, the bounding, the raging, displacing, e swooping, the scouting, the facing, the racing, e wounding, the smiting, dislodging, repelling, e curbing, the crushing, subduing, rebelling, e shrieking, the cutting, the throwing, the hailing, e thrusting, the piercing, the coursing, impaling, e dashing, the urging, the worsting, the routing, e flying, the pressing, the spearing, the shouting, e hurling, the raging, the splint'ring, assailing, is might,., the strong, and the weak, and the failing, 1 huddled together distracted and driven y those who in conflict have mightily striven. bch knights as H. Taylor foremost in the mdlee, The observed of observers," and fear-stricken rNellie; et guarded, protected, from thrust and from foe, y the arm of Lucceius through danger and woe. ritmknights such as Perry, and Franklin, De Bear, Jefferson, Amberley, Cheulot, and Blair, e valiant Stocks, who in midst of the fighting . Taylor as Jo.King had pleasure in knighting. r Ivanhoe suffered a poignant thrust, or V. Taylor's spear laid him low in the dust. JUAN. NARRATIVE TRIOtIRAM. ange the first three letters of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) -Some lady friends once with us at a picnic, Whilst takingtea, complained the tea was bad, Were smure the water did not boil at all, Or else it boiled too long, e'en if it had. And as a proof of their insinuations. They then remarked the urn didn't even hiss When it was brought mnto the drawing-room, Aud--well--this chance for a joke we could not miss. And one of us or both-for one approved it- ,Threw out the pun which made our bosoms burn: The roson whyV the Water did not boil is Because this afternooia 'twas tacit.urn." Puts are riot lighaly huldin estimation By pople .as a rule; but if they raise -lah, or .turaL a gloomy donversation, As in'our Casb, well, they deserve some praise, p-roe eiD AnoaHR B.
NARRATIVE DELETION. IDrop a letter from a word chosen, leaving anfother word ex. pressed in the narra!ive,) 6.-Lot Londen vaunt her palest groy, Vain Venice all her blue display, And Moscow boast her white array, Here may be seen By any one, from day to day, Great Glasgow Green I And on that Green what foe shall dare To set his foot, let him take core, And for a sudden shock preparo; For on him th,,n Shall fall a squadron from mid-Ayr Of valiant men. If, by ballooning, he should. seek To cope with such a novel freak, And vanquish all those warriors weak, He'd see on high, A vengeance due resolved to wreak, The men of Skye. If thoughts of fame his brain should fire, And by some plan he monntod higher, And there subdued each kilted sire With Gatling guns, More energy would he require To reach the sos. But though he conquered every sun, To China he'd be forced to run To crush " Sol's child ;" and every one Knows well that he By royalty would soon be done With royal.tea. If poisoned royal tea should fail Against this warrior to prevail, We'd put a scout upon his trail To smash him thero- A man in china is, though hale, But earthenware. PmOLO, Glasgow. METAGRAMS. (Change the siret letter of a word to form another wor.i.) 7.-The summer is vanished and over, And cricket and tenns are done; No more through the sweet-scented clover We roam in the rays of the sun; But home with its manifold pleasures Is best on such evenings as these. So here's to the goddess of comfort, And here's to the goddess of ease. The lasts have grown lately much longer, And fiercely the fallen leaves fly; The winds are much shriller and stronger, And dreary and dark is the sky. So stir up the fire and make cosy, And laugh at the moans of the breeze; For it's oh, for the goddess of comfort, And oh, for the goddess of ease 1 I've heard it is well worth to wander Abroad on a first frosty night, But I hold it is better to ponder At home in the warmth and the light. For the flowers, once so fair, are all faded, And the leaves are all stripped from the trees, So 'tis better to cultivate comfort At home with the goddess of ease. The heavens, I know, are a show.place, The skies with the stars are so bright; But still I hold out there is no place Like home on a cold winter's night. So let all those folks who prefer it Go stare at the stars an they please; But give me the goddess of comfort, And give me the goddess of ease. H. A. TAYIoa, lirkenhead. 8.-" Break, break, break, Oh, dishes and plates," f rst she; And I'm glad my lips don't utter The thoughts that arise in me. It is all very well for the damsel Who smashes our plates each day; But it isn't so well for the master Who has the expenses to pay. But still she goes careless on, And says that we use her ill, Then oh ! for another and better girl, Who can keep her hands more still. Break, break, break, While the havoc we sadly see, But the days when I thought we could get a good last Will never come back to me. C. F. BArEnrn, Wood Green. ARITHMOREM. (An acrostic. The letters of oross words that are Roman numerals expressed in fllurea.) Foundation Words. 9.-At every "Tourney" gathering you may hear her Sweet voice upraised in gay and tuneful song; Her bright and merry humour must endear her To knights and ladies of our " Tourney " throng. Cross Words. 100 and eno A 'prentice this; one who is not yet skilled. 1,, pexer This you will do, if ever you are killed. 50 ,, nes Along my third fond lovers often stroll. 55 ,, eo You've ne'er experienced this, if you're heart-whole. 1,001 ,, nankern A battle; 'twas in the Crimea fought. 1,000 ,, type My purse is sixth, for in it there is naught. 501 ,, wonw 'Tie made of glass, and mounted in a frame. 100 ,, haryer This will reveal a very ancient game. 1,001 ,, bantouro 'Tie greatly used by bold Salva. .tionists. 551 ,, rose He's this who "takes the shilling" and enlists. 1,000 ,, one A sign of good or evil this may be. 100 ,, ken Part of your body in my last you'll see. A. AsBERLEYr, Manchester. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 10.-First is worth your keen attention; You will say so when you know What it is, and here I'll mention You must pay it if you go To a circus oe theatre- Which you like or think the better. If you're filled with nplrehlension As to what my next will he, I will say 'tis my intention Here to make you say with me, "This is not so good as tirst; Yes, my friends, 'tis far the worst. If you'll have the condescension, Riddlers mine, to list to me, I will very briefly mention That my whole is known to thee. Money, jewels, love won't buy it- Is there one who can deny it? B. L. JErsnsooo, London. ll.--f second nl on first you do bestow, True second you, alas, will never knowl For ihole is.hateful, meet it where you may. To c~nd fi'rst but little, Christians, pra.
ACROSTICS. (A word, or words. formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 12.-Dainty little flow'ret, Shyly ope your eyes, On your bed of em'rald 'Neath the sunny skies. Bramble, hawthorn, nettle, With protecting arms, Shield your dainty petals-- Keep intact your charms. 'Neath a downy moss-bank In a little dell, By a purling brooklet, Modestly you dwell. Happy little flower Seeming ever gay, Free from worldly sorrows, Smiling day by day. Coss WYords. "Oh I my first I" Georgina shyly whispered, As her head she nestled in his breast; And this sweet confiding little miss purred Words of happiness and all the rest. " Won't you name the day ?" said her Augustus, " Won't you say the day that we'll get wed P" "You must next my mother ; she'll not trust us If in this we are not by her led." "Oh I my love," he said, "third are you certain Your mamma intends to head become P If 'tis so, I think I'll draw the curtain O'er our love, for she will spoil our home !" Somebody was list'ning at the keyhole- Somebody came rushing in the room ; Some one's face with rage turned dark as Creole; Some one's fourth quite sealed our lover's doom. 'Twas his future mnn.in.law thus vented Her extreme disgust at what he'd said; I may say this last has since invented Various tales why he has not been wed. R. L. JEFFERSON AND R. W. ANDREWS. Foundation Word. 13.-.'Tis said the dearest wish of woman is To enter into primals-state of bliss!-- With some fond suitor, who may suit her whim, And who may find, too late, she'll not suit him ! Cross Words. First needs the Ed.'s inspection, And oft your grave reflection. My p rtner loves this name; A king once bore the same. I pass on feathery wings To him who daily sings. I know the pro. and con. Of aught I venture on. A name I favour well- A lady's, let me tell. The outcome of true love, As shown to you above. Tears at me appear Unwillingly, I fear. And acting like a scoffer, I now reject your offer. While last with courtly grace Says "Yes!" with smiling face. A. ASIBERLEY AND R. L. JEFFERSON. Foundation ol'ord. 14.-Without was howling fierce and wild the wind, As Grumbler at his ease at home reclined; His cosy room he listlessly surveyed, And gazed on comforts tastefully displayed. But still he felt a subtile discontent- He strove to banish it, but knew it meant (To comfort him until the close of life) A yearning for a soothing, gentle wife. But Grumbler was not handsome, and his years Were many, and soon, likewise, were his fears. At length a money-loving damsel came, Who willing was to bear his honoured name. His love, alas! soon much diminished grew- His primals was a veritable shrew; And now in his grand house is waged the strife Of ancient husband 'gainst a prudish wife. Cross Words. This puzzle you will quickly first, And second you have re-id it through, Will doubtless say it is the worst With which you've ever had to do. And we shall say that you are nert, And, lilth, we know it's very tame. Yet it will mnake us somewhat vexed If we should got declined the same. But what we'd 'ourth to say is this, Next at this time of final cheer, We wish to ev'ry knight and miss A happy and a glad New Year. J. A. MALHMLL AND J. STocKs. Fotndation Word. 15.-A true and loyal knight, who makes a gallant stand In our happy and glorious "Tournament " band. Cross Words. A first, I maintain, has more power than a sword; And of all aninals none is more faithful than second, Although to buy one third cannot afford; And ioturtl are places to keep food in I reckon. I met a drove of last the other day. And turned aside to let them pass along their way. E. HUar, Kennington. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials. form a word. or words.) Fotndation Words. 16i.-.ly heart swelled with pleasure when reading your con., Which spolo much too highly of me; And the wish that you sent, in good fellowship meant, I gladly return, you will see. Cross Words. The little firsts light up the dreary way ; And through the second-branches slyly play. The hero of a strange romance is third, And Handel's next I've very often heard. Old England grieved, a nation's tears fell fast, When it was said" Our General Gordon's laest!" NELLm WATsoeN, Cheshunt. NARRATIVE CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the centre of a word toform another, expressed in the narrativeJ 17.--I'm a "Tourney" knight! I'm a "Tourney" knight ! I can hold up my, shield I I can ext in the fighot ! i'm wild! Pull of joy! I'm mad with delight That no one's so happy as I I I'm a "Tourney" foe,! I'm a "Tourney" foe ol And I sing, and I laugh, and I cry, "Ho, ho l" But to him who thwprts me, unutterable woe [ And no one's so happy as I I As I lift up my first to launch at your head, I spil all the black gore-no, I mean the red I utter the words, " In a trice you'll be dead!" For no one's so happy as I! MIy puzzles are looked to-to make you cryl My humorous wh0ezes are often so dry- In fatct you can call me a kind of " Paul Pry," For no one's so haplsiy as II S. pn DEAN,
DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 18.-I wish in this world I could find a berth At twenty.five shillings a week; And then you would see a livelier glow Appear on my damask cheek. I wish that I reigned in a palace grand By the shore of a sunlit sea; With riches and pleasures at my command And a Venus in love with me. I wish that I loved e'en a maiden's heart, Or a maiden's heart loved me; That I had but a power to wing my way To the sun o'er the bright clue sea. I wish that my soul was not prisoner hero In a toiling, moiling world; I wish that the heaven above me was Like a banner broad unfurled. I wish that the spirits bright above Would love me as I love them; That they would bring from the land of love A crown or a diadem ; That I might place but a hand in theirs, And mount on a misty cloud, To the land where sorrows may cease, and tears, And men's hearts are not proud. I wish but a wish that my spirit were At rest in a distant sphere, Whore men with their notes and comments were A little less severe. H. Cox, Birkenhead. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. Dl) up the fires letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) (With apologies to E. A. Poe.) 10.-Hear the milkmah with his bell-rusty bhell I How merrily (?) it tinkles l While the mmn who sells the winkles O'er the way, is keeping time With his yelling, In a sort of Runic rhyme, To the swelling Of the red-haired milkman's rusty bell- To the swelling of the milkman's bell ! Hear the mhilkman with his cart -dreadful cartl From the bottom of my heart, How I've vowed to smash his cart! Even now I'm keeping time While thus grumbling, In a sort of Runic rhyme, To the rumbling Of the red-haired milkman's dreadful cart- To the rumbling of the milkman's cart I LoNse SNOWSHOE, Bathgate. TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 20.-Have ever you been walking with your lover, The girl whom you believe will soon be yours. And, after searching fruitlessly, discover You've ilrst your pocket-handkerchief indoors? And don't you think it rather more thanfunny, Supposing it begins to pour with rain, To find that you have insufficient money For a cab, and not a 'bus can you obtain ? Have ever you beheld a husband knocking His wife about P though thought a bit of fun By those around, you say that it is shocking And have second that you could not see it done ; So interfere in manner quite commanding, And the bully turns upon you with an oath, And doubtless-'tis beyond my understanding- You get a goodly thrashing from them both. Have ever you been out with your intended, And naturally have a lot to say, And met a fridndly bore, who quickly then did Inform you he was bound to go your way P Such things appear to happen to me daily; 'Tie seldom I am really free from strife, But I always do my best to get as gaily As possible along the path of life. J. A. MAESHALL, Southwark. 21.-Our Jack he was a merry lad, A merry lad was he; 'Tway his delight to first about, And foreign countries see. So soon he les his English home, And nect the ocean blue He sailed away; 'twas hard to part With Jack so bright and true. CAROLINE HOLLOWAY. NARRATIVE ADDITION. (Add a letter to the word chosen to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) 22.-I said one morn, " I'll write a con 1" I said it, And what the verse shall be upon, I'll head it. I think when half an hour had gone, I read it, And then I signed it as " Anon," Much to my credit. I said, "This is a wondrous con. To edit." To post I rushed with it anon, So fled it. A fortnight or a month rolled on- Slow sped it; I wrote to London, " Where's that con. P I bred it!" An answer came when morning shone, I read it- "The basket looked so thin and wan, I fed it." LuccaxEs. CONUNDRUM. 23.-Why should a certain riddler, Who from the " Tourney" is not missed, Arrange for all the combats That now take place within the list ? DESPERnaO.