RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of it word. leaving another word.)
1.-Come, gentle executioners, And when your task is through, Just take a backward glance, and see What work you've had to do. My whole denotes in birds the kind of " breed," And nerve and effort of it stand in need. Next rushes on-to wonderment appeals- Or murmurs softly at a lady's heels. How softly next, descends to earth, and gives To vegetation that on which it lives! The homely Scot, for comfort, none can chide His love and boast is this-" My next fireside !" Nay, there is yet one more-with your permission ? Well, next is but a simple preposition. Put up your axe. All heads are off ! The truth I'm forced to tell: 'Tween you and I, this little word Has stood it very well. BODKIN. 2.--While strolling slowly through the City, A very few short weeks ago, lepeating to the winds a ditty In tender accents, soft and low, A charming figure loomed before me (With haughty mien and piercing eyes), And threw a sense of terror o'er me, ;Mixed up with strangely-glad surprise. Yes, there he stood; a perfect masher, A splendid copy or his ace ; A thorough aristocratic dasher, With " first" imprinted on his face. lis toothpick, cane, all shone resplendent, iis patent boots gleamed in the sun, And seemed in size a calm amendment 'Twixt number three and number one. I stood in silent admiration One moment, and then shyly spoke: * Kind sir, to furnish consolation For a 1 the envy you provoke, Pray tell mt. what amount of money You spend in dress ? Please, masher, speak." " My lad," said he, " you'll think it funny, I spend but thirteen pence a week I" I fairly started as I stood there, With honest wonder on my face. " But ho'w," I fairly gasped-" how could there Be such a thing, O form of grace ?" " Come here, my friend," he said, " I'llshow you." lie t jok me to an old clothes store, And-well, I'll not disclose; but, know you, I'm now a masher to the core. F. G. Wsnn, Southwark. METAGRAMS. (Cllatnge the first letter of a word to form another word.) 3.-I arise with the first of the morning; 'IThe lark with his second, loud singing, Invites me with musical warning, As third out of fourth he is winging. It is best for a fifth to rise early And let the day's work be done cheerily, Than to rise with a countenance surly, And wade towards sixth just as drearily. W. KIrTON. 4.-C-come, my jolly fellahs (hic), we'll have a bit o' spree. Let every manl among ye c-come fill a glass wi' me. I'm d-dacent and s-sober, I ni-never was a toper; So we'll have another bumper (hic), c-comrades, he! he! he! F-first them footsteps, fellahs ; 'tis the polis on their beat. They're n-next us (hic); they'll take us if we chance wi' theu to meet. Let's g-get in under cover Till all danger (hic) is over; I third we'll (hic) be summoned if they catch us on the street. W. G. SIMPsoN, Clonmel. DOUBLE ACROSTICS. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 5.-You very oft to see him go To pass away an hour or so, And any time you may have been, What finals show you then have seen. Cross Words. Though very oft ill-used, I wis, A useful animal is this. You always like her in your house- That is, if she can catch a mouse. If you will call it to your mind, It comes from China, you will find. If it is money, get it paid Before to do so you are made. This I did upon a horse, And liked it very much, of course. T. ItOYsToN, Birmingham. Foundation Words. 6.-A bubbling, roaring mass of seething fire, Each moment to the surface rising higher, Awhile is still; then, with a thlinu'rous roar And quickened speed, it upwards now does pour, To spread a flood of devastation round O'er every spot of cultivated ground. No more the shepherd's tinkhling bell you'll hear, No more will ]nscious fruit invite you near. Each tiny pool and sparkling little rill Its sc,,rching waves will quickly dry and fill. The ground will change a dismal, dirty hue, While clouds of dust obscure the splendid view. Such scenes as this will primals bring to mind, And these few hints will finals quickly find: It shows the way of life's decay ; The purpled king, the haughty bey, The beggar on the broad highway, All bow the neck and own his sway. Cross Wor,.'s. They who did not at times do this would die; Yet should it never lead to gluttony. A coral island, in the Eastern sea, Connected with the Bounty mutiny. One who prophesied, in sacred stcry, The fall of Nineveh's pride and glory. And now before aside my pen I cast, Put down an Austrian title for my last. E. BLArI, Liverpoo!. ACROSTIC. (A word,or words.formed of tih initial letters of other wortl.) Foundation Word. 7.-The primals to this con. of mine You quickly will find out; A general great you',l see they'll show, Whom England put to rout. Cross Words. My first I know yox all will guess, It means the opposite of yes. We use my second every day; You find it useful every way. My third doth grow on trees so hihh, Yet on the ground doth often lie, A bird who travels very fast, And yet its often caught at last. A creature beautiful to see, But liked not for its cruelty. My sixth, a bird who cannot sing, Yet of all birds he is the king. A nasty, slimy kind of fish; To feel its clutch we ne'er can wish. My last, dear Ed., pray do not shnun. And now good-bye, for I liar,, done. KAnt P. RoYsTrosN, Birmius:han. MONOPHONE. (Wortld. of different meaninag, hut thle same in sound 8.-I thought that I could first a con., So down I sat with that pretext. For half an hon, I suriblled os, utr (fOatlhl £ J,.'iJ t,,t trot 3Us fl)et. YLtd ee,",S.'
NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION, (The letters of a word are transposed, and form ianoter the narrative.) Word 9.-In a land of loveliness, Where the sun shines ever bright. And the fair.robed queen of night Rules her weird Court rivalless, There, amid the loveliest flowers Nature's fertile taste can plan, Happy as the livelong hours, Dwelt the Princess Lilian, The well-beloved Lilibel. Flowers she owned of every hue, Every form, and every size- Roses, amaranthE. ox-eyes, Pansies, asters, violets blue, Stocks, sweet.williams, golden showers Jessamine and honey-cell; But of all her cherished flowers, Best she loved the lily.bell, The pare and spotless lily-bell. Came a prince from far away, Searching for the fairest flower, Noted Lilian's floral bower; Charmed, he saw the rich display. Drawing nearer, sought to choose All the flowers he loved full well, Passed o'er bright and gaudy hues, Plucked at length the lily-bell, The fair and lovely lily-bell. Came the prince a second time Roaming o'er that country side, The fairest maid, to be his bride, Searching for, thrtuth every clime. But the ladies, bright and gay, Did not please hint half so well, Could not charm his cares away, As the simple L libel. So he chose his bride that day, Lovely Princess Lilibel, Happy Princess Lilian. EvxELNE C. GaRY, TRANSPOSITIONS. (To'ronspose the letters in a word to form anotller wordj 10.--Stood a figure in the twilight, Clad in shadowy attire, Watching, waiting (with a patience That I could not but admire) For a moment when the pavement Should be clear of passers-by. And no eye could watch his movements As he waited-ah I to die. From within my parlour window I perceived the wretched luan Stretch one hand towards his coat-tail, And from thence abstract, and scan With unearthly gaze, a parcel That to hide from view he sought; And I first my hands in horror As I watched--his death, I thought. But the street continued crowded Such a time, that courage woke, And I flew towards the doorway, Dragging on the while a cloak. Next I lingered in the glaming, Waiting there, with bated breath, But with stern resolve to tear him From that poison-from his death. Now at last the street grew empty, And the fatal deed began; But, e'en as he raised the parcel, Straight across the street I ran. " Never shall that deadly poison End your life !" rang out my cry. And I paused-to hear, " Why, guv'nor, Can't I bolt this chunk o' pie ?" F. G. WLns, Southwark. S1.--We were a merry party, half a dozen, perhaps rlo; Determined in the country to take a jolly tour; Such excursions being rare, we strove to make the mo of it, And no wonder if we rollicked and rung changes withar wit. But as rollicking and joking will excite the appetite Much sooner than appeasing it, we hailed the welcot sight Of a pretty, quiet hostelry, the country road beside, And we vowed to broach the larder, whatever shonl betide. " Well, boys," the worthy hostess said, responding our coup, " I do not keep provision for a legion or a troop; But if a little roast will do-of course you'll have it cold. And a bit of tart to finish with, why, then my stoci told." To hungry lads it really seemed that nothing could I better, And eagerly we sat us down as keen as any setter. 'the senior, I, was then proposed, with no dissentit tongue, To do the carving, and the grace was either said or siI Now, in our little party, as often is the case In parties more pretentious, we reckoned one scapee nc Or, rather, say a joker full of mischief, mirth, atnd in, Whose pranks, through being harmless, diverted ert one. And now round went the laden plates, the condimctns5 well, And everything was cheerful without "the marriat hell." 'Tis true the carver was behind his very huntry fries But, with a flourish of his knife,he quickly made anei Yet, ere he fairly got to work, one thing was wntii 11 ore, Anl he bade our joking urchin to ,romptly pasit " The seas'ning's near your plate," I said. Heausere' with a shout, " That all belongs to me-'lis mine, and you mustdow out !" The laugh was loud, indeed it seemed a bit of laugh's thunder, And I, though vexed, joined with a smile, and kept i temper under; i But still this bit of mischief much ranklel in myn,' ms And, watting, I resolved to watch and pay it a-i's kind. The tart being brought, was shared, a preOiou' <ati morsel each, 13e-sugared and be-creamed, ay, as sweet as any p" With dexter haud and dessert spoon I reached across dishes. And smothered all the joker's tart, though muchagsi his wishes. " The seasoning all is yours," I said; " you have kepti your plateo; l-- T've only been distributor-I hope I am not too lre; Htut 'tis a pity that nice tart "-here ended y on-r S" Should thitus be lost to you, my friend, through nI tallation !" Now in this story.telling of a merry festive table, The writer did his part as told, aid therefore'tit fable; But if disappointed in nnhapp'ly missing first,he In getting change, most surely, tljoer f urednt.he B. C. LOVELESS, Tirhmmicim' CHARADE. (Formei on a word each sylablhe of which Is a word.- 12.-My first is dreaded by mankind, They fear its very name; Mly nfxt appears upon your hand, If you possess the same; My st will surely show a weight, A heavy oue, I ween; In ,rh'lo a little English town Where flannel's made is seen. cars. D) F :a ""C':