RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. REVERSION.
1,-By the firelight oft this song is trolled- The reckless lay of the smuggler bold: When the wild waves soar to mountain's height, And incessant torrents pour, A While the vivid lightning flashes bright A: 'Mid the rolling thunder's roar, Our tight little primal cleaves the waves- It Is the falcon nnew abroad ?- F And fast we race to our plunder.caves-- And does he wield the sword ? We care not a whit for the tossing sea, For we love the thunder-gale, And darker the night the merrier we, For it hides our speeding sail. With no thought of dangers we may find-- [s the falcon now abroad?- a We breast the waves in the howling wind-- And does hw wield the sword So on we speed to the rocky shore, T Where the lasts of water gleam A Like countloss ,ums in the marble floor Y Of a hall in f.riry dream. I1 Then, then we whisper, deep and low, O Is the fjcon r ow abroad ? And grasp our arms, as we seek to know T And does he wuicld the sword 7 Noi: NgAlrs. T,OGOGRIPH. 2.-Ko isn't remarkably handsome, I know, Yet he boasts of a sweetheart--Miss Dinah, Whose heart he besieged and secured lonur ag!o, Far away " down in South Carolina." I've said he's not pretty, but, if you are rash And cut off his head, then transpose him, Behold! a dread monster, like lightning, will .la:h To the front-so you'd better depose hinm, And find, by restoring old head once ag:un, That by contrast the latter's delightful: Delete him of centre, and then I would tlu Never hear of his cruelties frightful. Therefore we will alter his terrible heal, And then how we bow down before him ' And when he lies low, 'neath the cypressn o'tspread, A halo of glory shines o'er him. N-I:.LI CouLS':', Bow. MIETAGRAM i. 3.--The folks of the farmyard once had a ,'rand ball- The horses, the piggies, the.roosters, and all. 'Twas held in the barn, where they flocked ov'ry one, All fully determined on having some fnun. The first tried to sing, but she only could next, And the guests all laughed loudly, which umade thie quite vexed. " LIst ! list !" cried a pig, " I can sing like a Iti'.l." And he yelled till the guests were near ltea! with the third. "Fourth-fifth!" cried the dog. "I can ril like tho lark !" And he started a noise 'twixt a howl and a hark ; So they soon shut him up, and there came s,.s the front A sixth, with a song which was nothing but g-ruunt. They were dancing about with much elegant grace, When the farmer came in with a wondering :ace. -' G(ood gracious l" he cried; ansl. alarmed by his shout, The party broke up in disorderly rant. F. W. BlIssT.an. 4.-1 love to see a boy who is revealing The tenderness we notice in a maid, And will honestly express each noble feeling; While his sturdy spirit scorns to be afr:uaid. His bright eye kindles when his word is taken As some sly misconception of the truth; That noble pleading look is not mistaken, And speaks with all the warmth of sunny yontnh. How sweet it is to watch impulses growine, Full of the gracefulness of noble thought ! How grand it is to feel his heart is knowing How seldom tenderness is deftly caught, u nd therefore learns to shun ignoble passions, And could not utter ose unkind remark ! 'Tis bliss to know he shuns the latent fashions Assumed by those who strike you in the dark ! lie would not pain you with a cruel expression; Yon- finest feelings are cLcressed by him, And in your heart he leaves a loved impression Of kinduess, and tIs Instre ne'er grows dim. Hte feels for you, and weeps as you are weeping, And cheers you with a first and thoughtful word. Around your heart his warm desires are creeping, Until your dormant nature's grandly stirreod. Who could resist a second so engaging, With tenderness and manly thought combined, Where lofty instincts are supremely raging Within the grand recesses of his mind? With youth, he carries all that's great and noble, 'ud grandly steps towards stern manhood'- goal; ith honest, stately mien he shuns ignoble And crafty instincts which would flood his> soul. T. W. KErIyiss n, BETtGRAIM. .- The boys from school are going home, Loud are their firsts of joy ; Their holidays at last have come- Three weeks for ev'ry boy, As through the village now they pass, ' We'll play at ball," one calls, And all join in an eager mass, To catch it as it falls. But soon a stop's put to their mirth ; They all look up aghast, For it does not return to earth, But falls into a last. iH. W. W. LLOrr lo,w,rth. TRANSPOSITION. .-Al:, hMadam Luna, you are one of those SWell thought on creatures, yet, while wo repo,se, You galivant at night f (This truly shoow. First oft a good-named dog trinumphant g(s. Nor fears the hangman's noose.) We quietly doze While you look down on Honesty's sad fors, And mark their tricks: the midniu.t uargh.a shows e1 eneath your virtuous gaze the gold hel oJN ! But one redeeming qoality-next tk:,ows ? Yar light may bring the fist of Justice on his nose I H. C. Purm, Southwark, ACROSTIC. Foundation lord. 7.-A general of the Punic War, Who brought an offer from afar. Cross tWords. S Ty first unto your mind will bring A Latin word that means a king. 0 A prince by humpbacked Glo'ster slain, That he o'er England's realm might reign. A son of Hippalochus, who In mortal combat Ajaz slew. A colour for my fourth is seen; It is not red, nor blacs, nor green. S An animal that's famed for being Foremost 'mongst those most famed for seeing. A range of Russian mountains take For next, and they the sixth will make. n Bacchus' attendants at his feasts, a Who 're partly men and partly beasts. r AasGRIPPA. DECA PITATION.
Y 8.-I am a useful implement; 'o But take away my head, n And then a very poor abode it I bring to view instead. MI. GEBAN, Fermoy. CENTRAL DELETION. 9.--The less you have to do with me Is so much for the better. a- Lot what a wondrous change is wrought re By dropping central letter. T. CARPEIsER,
OMEGRAM. 10.-Mynheer Mollywaddle (whom, perhaps, you may know) Possessed, I've been told, about twelve years ago, A pipe which he loved as he loved his own son- That is, I should first, sirs, as he would have done If a son he'd possessed; but he didn't, anud-- There, If I wander, our Ed. will declare, in a pet, " I ought to know better, and really should set A better example." So now let us " toddle " Along with my tale of Mynheer Mollywaddle; For unless I proceed with that tale, I shall read In Yourn Folks correspondence, " Your puzzle's declined, For, on reading it through, we are sorry to find That the rules we have made, you, sir, have not obeyed, And you've made it so long that our boy, though ho's strong, Yet reeled 'neath its weight, and-oh, next to relate '- Met a horrible fate; for he found that his task it Was really too great, and he swooned in the basket Destined for waste paper, and really we thought a Youth of your age would much better have known, And we truly believe that your reason has flown; For, suppose that your puzzle were given a place, It would occupy nearly a page and a quarter, Therefore we decline it with genuine grief, And ask you to make future p lzzles more brief." Yes, thbt's what our good Ed. will first, sir, I know, If I don't tell my story at once, for- Halloa I Oh, I pray you, dear reader, your fate don't bewail ! But you see my preface has filled so much space That there isn't room left now to tell you the tale ' A. ST. J. ADCo'x. ARITHMOREM. Foundation Word. 2:.- Beneath the mighty ocean's wave, Where pearly shells abound, And where full many a sailor brave His watery grave has found, My primal sureads its branches wide, Of crimson, pink, or white, Till torn up by the angry tide Upon a stormy night, Its feathery form the billows strand, And 1"ave it on the shining sand. Cross Words. :'O anod as In Arctic lands the Esquimaun This animal do chase; I,',50 ,, rea: A gent that's found the earth below, And ott does beauty grace; 101 ,, eseto This ruit, when glowing autumn comes, Grows mellow as the peach; it ,, aw As hovering o'er the flowers it hums, The bee takes this from each; ,, ge a, In foreign lands this bird of prey Upon the sun can gaze; ;,, gren The nightingale, when this comces grey, fours forth its mellow lays; '51 ,, nandoe Amongst thograss so fresh and green This yellow flower :s often seen, BOADICsA. SQUARE WORDS. 2.-" The first is falling thick and fast; I cau't go out-what shall I do ?" Said little uext, and then at last g;reat tears stood in her eyes so blue. '' Why, coume," said I, " and you shall write About this pretty little bird, With dazzling plumage gay and bright, And last so strange it.looks absurd. See, here's the picture in this book. Now copy out that page for me." The little maid, with earnest lor ii, Begins her task in merry gle',. And quickly third her linger s ,,+1. Bnt what of that ? She doer i't care; 'nuch tritles matter not at all To this same tiny lmaideiL iir. Lorrn W.V., Irightou. CURTAILMENT. 2;.-Each little hollow near the land, Whole's penetrating eye had scanned, And darting oif a heap of sand, He seized the prey he'd found. Curtail this bird, andl fiud a name For one whose gallant deeds proclaim His right to honourable fame For victories renowned. Curtailed again, you'lE find a word, A pronoun, personal and third, And gender teminino inferred This word you cnannot miss. Curtail once more, and then the name, Excepting ceuder, ;s the same. Curtail, and last you'll firl in sh."sne, And also tindl in this. WAuroat ADDITION. 0-.- lidllen 'moigtst the trees and ,nt;his On the borders of a !irst,. There a villain cronched in ambusth, And ier',e words did from lhlin burst. " Now, I'll have revenge," he muttere., " On my hated enemy- Vengeance tull, and leep, anid certain. Young Sir Harold he shall die!" Soon lie heard his victim's footsteps Swiftly coming o'er the len. Little thought the brave young gallart That le soon a next wonuld e. One fell tblow, a cry of anguish, And the dreadful deed was done- Touing Sir llHarold was a is'ond ! Jilt career, alas! was rtni-. IMPnrTATsOr.. 'ERTAi ATh'M. 1.--Dark cloncls ·r. i: sirn: in n stormy sky; My first :.lv'ni".s - --ri and heaven shake; Deep thnluer rolls o,,r ev'ry hill and plain, As with a light.:itng luish the night.clouds break. Again they close, but in that trifling space To second sights of loveliness appear; The earth around seems third with brightest gold, While, silver-tipped, the wavelets' crests uprear. The storm-is over; silver shines the moon- The regent of the sky, of night the queen- Adorning with its fourth the deepest gloom, And shedding o'er the deep a light serene. T. i'. Dorcnox. CiIARADIE. 1f,-An old Eastern icholt sqnatted down once to dine; He'd the choicest of meats and the cboicest of wine, " Ha I ha h"-thus he laughed, As a bumper he quaffed, "This is really exceedingly line, fine, fine!" The wines he imbibed were tremendously frst, And he second them until he was near fit to burst. Then be laughed, " Now I think That the man who won't drink Is surely of madmen the worst, worst, worst I" He second till he could partake of no more, And then he arose and stepped out for the door; unt his hieadl swanu all round, And Ithe oldl fellow Pund EIimsell on hi bhneck on the floor, flCor, floor! 3oUGGINS ADi JUGca]NS. TRANSPOSITION. 7.- A toreisig fruit if ySou transpose, Another fruit it will disclose. Ii. J. WEXrsTrz, HI uldersfield.