RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRAMS.
Syounc Filkins De Willikins wa; a flue fellow, tc of tile bnppy-go.ltcky, youi kow ,e w as long, and hi' face rather yellow, lctie ,1 the vieldin, played on the 'cello r most horrid sounds, yet with some rather mellow- Bat this was by chance, for his taste was so-so. was versed in athletics, was well-up in dumb-bells, Could work the trapeze, take a walk on r. cord, fish, box, and hunt, was sought after by some belles, Who well knew his love for a game on the sward; e was mighty at jumping, a leader at hurling, adept at the first which, in common, is curling; Th qnoits, and could follow the bowls on the green; d such batting as his wasn't thought of till seen; tone thing he lacked-h-i thought, grandest of all- For never he'd learned how to play at football. Be made iup his mind he would learn, come what might, So be first joined a club-not n junior. you know. In die day time he worked, sometimeis far into night- For'teas summnier-timu then, awol he'd plenty of light- At drop kicks, and straight kicks, and kicks left and righ t, Till he thought he could make up a nrelty good show. At that time his club wasn't called into action, So theory, not practice, was made his alltraiction, And, of course, the result was to his satisfaction. And lie looked pretty well in his new football clothes, That suited his saftfrn and charming complexion, Ihdeil, his get-up near approalhed to perfection. In autumn the mania for football arose, And his club had the offer of playing a match With either the " Smash-'ems s" or " Bang-'em. about.s," They took up the latter, although they had doubts As to whether the thing wa-n't fixed as a "catch." The great day arrived, and with turmoil and bustle The doughty ones met and prepared for the tussle; 'Twas a superfine day that by chance they selected- It wasn't too warm, and it wasn't too cold ; Great beauty end fashion were there to behold, In fashions and costumes a week or so old, And terrible crowds to the place were attracted. 'Twas sure to b,' good, the onlookers expected, For the " Bang-'em-abouts " had their honour affected, Being "whacked" all to fits in the last game they played With the terrors then known as the " Thunuder Brigade." Our hero had puffed and displayed his ability When practising in for the now-arrived day; They made him the "goal," and to worthily fill it he Pot off like his clothes, all his airs of gentility. Till his co.players thought lie could make a display. 'Tw:s ItRugby they played. Soon the game had begun, And the spectators settled to take in the fun. The playing was good and went furious and fast, And the moment for Willikin's show last at last; He cleverly footed the ball at the wood, Sending it to the heavens as far as he could, And his side being in a victorious mood, Followed up the advantage and passed the ball through, While the others to catch it in wild frenzy floew; Then cheering and clapping and yells of excitement, Till the people outside wondered what all the fright meant. They started again, and the beaten looked savage, Determined this time all their foemen to ravage. Our hero, with prospect of victory elated. For the great opportunity eae'rly waited- It came, and to win it the hoime ones seemed fated; But tle "Bangs," with a rush, headlong came up the field, And the victory was banished when almost revealed. The "Assyrians' " ilownctoming was IIothinil to see, For the team of our hero was knocked out of shape, From such an onset they could hardly escape; And now, when our champion was missed in the spree, Like somebody-someothing, ah, where, where was he P They looked for awhile, and they found him at last, Bat ander the struggling mass he'd been cast, And- Let me forbear, for the scene is too harrowing, And perhaps out of " She " I would have to be borrowing. IVANtE, Belfast. 2.-As first as skies are blue, Sweet seventeen is her age, O ; She's known to me and you, For she was all the rage, O. Her nert in rippling curls Floats from her graceful head, 0; She is the best of girls While standing in the meadow. Her head is decked with flowers Wreathed in a summer's crown, 0, Suggesting Flora's bowers, And amaranthine down, 0. The veil that drapes her round Is like a morning mist, O; And where dimples .bound She's waiting to be kissed-Oh ! She's very dear to me, A treasure in my heart, O ; Her love has pierced through me Somn-thing like Cupid's dart, 0. Sweetl\ pretty seventeen, As bright as summer's day, 0; The portrait of my queen. The prettiest Queen of May, O. W. A. LANGSTON. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. lhe first letter u!. a word is ehanuged, to forla another word hi the narrative.) U.-The wind moans through the silent hall, Weird shadows climb the vacant stair, And, phantom-like. the moonbeams fall In hazy light upon my chair. The grate is empty, dusty is the floor, Long cobwebs cling unto the chamber wall; The hinges long have rusted on the door, And damp and mouldiness are over all. The screech.owl hoots from windy eaves, The bat's shrill cry rings through the air, Ganat trees have shed their faded leaves On moss-grown walls beyond repair. The room is hanuted, deathlike and so still- I feel the thrill of an oppressive fear; A sense of dread that overpowers my will, As ii a spirit from the dead were near. Upon the floor I find the trace of blood, And on the wall an imprint of a hand; Strai;ge signs are wrought into the wood In ty p I fail to understand. AT hbllod runs coldly as I hear the wind In hollow mnanings sweeping round the door; M. ey, s dilate, as. perchance, I might, find A corpse or winding-sheet upon the floor. Fh,, midnight hour steals upon my thought, The iby rustles on the window.frame; A tihousand terrors have my fancies brought, N.r know I how or whence theycame. The candle slickers in the soughing wind, And beids 'f sweat stand out upon my brow; I st:aind in awe, nor dare to glance behind, Lest some veiled ghost should steal upon me slow. H. Cox. CONUNDRUTM. *-.Why is a chemist like a money.OhangerP? R, Wh..
NARRATIVE PRECE-OMEGRAM. (Change the last letter hut one of a word to form snother word, expressed in the narrative.) 5.-Oh, Philander! oh, Philander! Cmur de Liou, and Alexander, Johnny Raw, and Goosey G(,nder, What ia simple, soothing rhyme! Oh, pray, ftte and fear forgetting, Who wolid ever think of setting Up against a bard so splendid And a poet so sublime ? But, Philander, though a poet, Letting all the wide world know it, There are others who don't show it, Yet whose rhymes are quite as snug; Where are Philo, Cox, and Jo-King, Juan, too, his genius cloaking ? These are quite as good, and better, Don't you know, Philander Mugg? There are poets, there are scrawlers, There are singers, there are squallers, Not to even mention bawlers, Who, 'tis said, belong to such. So. Philander, would it matter If I said. your hopes to shatter, You are very like the latter- Tell me, would it matter much ? No ! Philander, I'm not cruel; What's the use of using you ill, Calling names, anud heaping fuel On a man whose name is lMugg? I'll f ,rgive you, I'll believe you, With my open arms receive you, I'll do anything but grieve you-- Here's my hand, Philander Mugg. Toss. NARRATIVE META-PRECE-OMEGRAMI. (Change the first letter and last but one of a word to form alotluer word, expreOsed In the narrative.) (In answer to Schneider and Broad Arrow.) 6.-For those whose rhyming efforts oft have won it, It is easy to award a meed of praise; And though we, in very truth, have rarely done it, We intend to sound the praises of those lays Which, in praising other verses, Draw it to their own again, Which is a common practice nowadays. Oh, Schneider and Broad Arrow, you were tender With our very bashful selves, we both admit; And we hope your friendly notions will engender And be seasoned well, in time, with Christmas wit; For a happy era's coming, When we'll cracker joke with you, And be rivals, when we've made a bigger " hit." We read your invitation, but decline it, For our persons aren't accustomed to the heat; And so it's proper we should undermine it- An atmosphere too fiery is no treat; We are living where it's chilly, And the journey would be long; So a long time may elapse before we meet. With pleasure we return your kindly greeting. When we see a decent chance we'll make our hay But, as an ancieut saw says, " Time is fleeting," And " Work," a proverb tells us "'fore we play." We are quite content to try it (Such advice is really good!) That we may win renown some future day. SwITZ:r AND VAN BUNG. NARRATIVE DOUBLE OMEGRAM. (Change the two last letters of a word to forin another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 7.-Fra Perciva, I think-I say I think That it is almost time We wrote another rhyme, Something original, very original, Which nowadays we rarely ever see. Fra Perciva, I think-I say I think That if we only could Write something very good- Something original, very original, We soon should be quite famous in the "T." Fra Perciva, I think-I say I think That if we wrote on- Something original, very original- I can't say what, so leave it unto thee. Miss Amy H., I think-I say I think Your task is much too hard To place upon this bard. "Something original, very original:" I fear the undertaking masters me. Miss Amy H., I think-I say I think I'll ask some men of law To cudgel their brains for Something original, very original ; A legal " tip " to fame might prove the key. Miss Amy H., I think-I say I think The way their lives are spent Should help them to invent Something original, very original; For black to them is white, if with a fee! AmY HALLOTT AND FRA PERCITA. META-OMEGRAM. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word.) 8.-Talk not to me of friendship. Let me rage As does the heavy villain on the stage; Unsheathe my blade, throw back my villain's cloak, Cry zounds ! s'death ! confusion on this joke; Stamp, laugh, frown darkly, bid my varlets fly, Anud scatter mischief over earth and sky; Confound all maids, plot treason to the crown, For I've been done, oh, firrt, ye knights, done brown. Hoe ! minions, hence I the while I fret and fume. Revenge I'll have; but, stay I revenge on whom? Ne'er could I wreak such direful vengeance fell On winsome, charming, jack.o'-lantern Nell; Still less on him who, 'mid a hundred fights, Has proved, though demon, e'er a knight of knights. For know, Lord Robert, though with fiends I war, 'Tis not 'gainst thee my trenchant blade I draw; But thou, Mephisto next, who cast the gage To all and sundry on the " Tourney" page. Oh, lend an ear, though dark, pugnacious sprite, I raise thy gauntlet, and with thee I'll fight. Choose what ye will, the contrawise I'll hold, Themes matter little to a knight that's sold- Horses, cards, wine, the Grand Old Man, Home Rule, How near or far from genius stands a fool, The rights of womanor the traits of Seth: Naught care I, so that fight we to the death. FELIX F. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of whlebh is a word.) 9.-Though first now this man is not, He's left behind a name; And perhaps a last may mark the spot Where rests one of great fame. Whole you'll find in days of yore Unknown regions did explore. J. SEWELL, London. 10.-To write a con. is my intent: For first then write an instrument; Second's meaning is to file. Now just list to me awhile, Though you may think my con, the worst; Whole is the second of ifirsf. SIssY WATKINS, Watford. 11.-Joe met Tom one day With jolliest greeting, He named a gem. Please say His word on meeting. MAnDEIRA.
NARRATIVE ADDITION. (Add a letter to the word chosen ao form another word, expressed in the narrative.) 12.-Dear friend Hector, I wonder Why all the knights that I meet Never seem labouring under The strain or weight of defeat P I know that the times are duller Than any for many a year; The skies wear a greyer colour, It's because I am lazy, I fear. You bards that are always at labour Are having a windfall of luck; But I'm not a fortunate neighbour- Can it, pray, simply be pluck ? You are working hard, late, and early, For the honours so dear to each heart; Weary and worn, but not surly, When the hours for labour depart. Arthur, how is it you wonder Why all the bards that you meet Never seem labouring under The strain and weight of defeat? Now I think that you are in error To fancy we always have luck; Each bard to each other's a terror, But never make boast of their pluck. 'Tis true late and early we're writing, But that is the way to earn fame: At all times you must be inditing, If you wish to nmako a great name. So, friend, do your best in this columnn, And you may become a brave knight; Your cons., whether comic or sol:emn, Will always be read with d,light. AnRTuur SPA1LEY AND ItLCTOR. NARRATIVE DO U BLE CURTAILMENT. (lDrop the two last leters of a iword, leaving another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 13.-'Tis %trange, as time so quickly flies, And months and years roll on, That we remember happy ties Of childhood days, now gone. When winter winds are shrieking past, And whirls the falling snow, We see within the glowing fire The scenes of long ago. The cottage small, the apple tree Where we were wont to swing, And fly as lightly throngh the air As swallows on the wing. The mountain stream, so clear and bright, The meadows gay with flowers, Where in the sunny summer we Would spend the happy hours. Our day-dreams fade, and with a start We wake to find it gloom; The chilly winter twilight Faintly lights the dusky room. These days are gone, to come no more, And, with a mild rebuke, Fair Hope appears, and softly says, "'Tis forward we must look." Ably IHALLOTT AND MARY MILLER. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 14.-Oh, the streams will flow with honey If our side wins; And the trees will sprout with money If our side wins. And a gay, full-dress millennium Will come to the proscenium, And fate ring up the curtain, If our side wins. Oh, we'll live on luscious manna If our side wins, While the augels sing hosauna, If our side wins; And a reign of general charity, And uncontrolled hilarity, Shall dominate the planet- If our side wins. Oh, the time will be most precious, If our side wins, And we shall be far from vicious, If our side wins; We will treat you with civility If you're wanting in validity, And you bet we shall be happy- If our side wins. A. SEALEr AND SsLL CLAUDE DE VERE. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 15.-A short-sighted lover once sang to his love- Pling, plingity, plang, pling, plig I The rain was a-falling in lumps from above, Pling, plingity, plang, pling, plingI Yet still he sang his doleful strain, And troubled not about the rain, But loudly sang this old refrain: " Oh, love, I love you true, I do-o, I really do-o I By stars lhat ought to shine, Wilt thou, my love, be mine? Oh, love, I love but you!" Pling, plangl The moments pass, but the window did not ope- Pling, plingity, plang, pling, pling And he was being washed without any soap- Pling, plingity, plang, pling, pling! His throat was dry, although he was wet through; He gave two steps, and what I say is true, " To Let" were the words that met his view I " To Let I" he raved and swore; His hair he almost tore; By rain that fell in sheets, He quickly fled the streets, And vowed he'd love no more. Pling, plang I T. E. BARLEY, Manchester. DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 16.-M' first is reckoned a work of art, And sometimes very handsome am I, And useful, too, and I bear my part When an army pursued goes thundering by. And though I'm always intended for good, Yet often I've wrought disaster dire; Sometimes I plunge in the raging flood, And again 1 destroy by ruthless fire. But I'm used in some form by every one- All creatures that walk under the sun; Behead, and look for me higher still, I'm oft found on the crest of a hill. NICK L. PsEneY. PALINDROMES. (A word which read backwards or forwards is still the same.) 17.-Ye solvers all of "Tourney" fame, Pray list to me whilst I state That total unto you will name That which doth invigorate. BOBsRTO, London. 18.-I am not tall, but rather small, My height is four feet three; My neighbours call me dwarf and doll, And some a first. D'ye see ? R. WAY Glasgow.
BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 19.-Maids that laugh and maids who sing, I have long been listening, And at last I now appear To behold the pleasure here; But I come to give a warning, For there's one who, maidens scorning, Co mes into the circle gay With a first and roundelay As a knight-but is he one? I, thougug unmasking. shail not shun, And no further shall I go Than to start with Ivanhoe. I have watched and I have waited, With suspense all unabated, And I've come to the conclusion That each week each " T." effusion Signed above that " novel" name Has been written by a maiden, To his awful, awful shame Thus to mix such wicked trade in; And I want last now to know Is it not so, Ivanhoe ? Ye that such a thing discovered Not so very long ago, And about the secret hovered, Fearful such deceit to show, Witness now, I boldly ask him, To explain such things I task him; Let him to our satisfaction Point out all his " she" connection. If he doesn't, then we know That a fraud is Ivanhoe. SoePHE, DELETIONS. (Drop a letter from tih word chleaun. leavirng another word.) 20.-I have absent been some time, dears, But I hope you'll be forgiving, For I've sent this little rhyme, dears, To convince you that I'm living. And I hope you'll pay attention To the words I am inditing, Yet permit me here to mention I have lately done no writing. Also let me here say meekly What you'll own as truth and reason: I have read the " Tourney " weekly, And had many a blisstul season Whilst I've gladly been perusing Iu my moments solitary Many a con. that's been amusing, Captivating, joyous, merry. I must write a little slower, For the end's as surely coming As I'm sure the wind's a blower, And a brass baud has a drum in; And I'd better now be stating I've a last that's first been viewing. And- My muse is now abating, So my way I'11 be pursuing. T. SToRn, Lockington. 21.-I saw some first in a barber's shop-I thought I'd like to work; I went there, but as I came next, my duty I had to shirk. S. DE BEAR. DOUBLE CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop the two central letters from a word to form another word.) 22.-In primal's shown A kind of stone; Delete, you scan A youth or man; Delete once more, Then name a bore. IRoae'ro, London. CENTRAL DELETION. (Dropaleltor fron the centro of a word to form another.) 23.-We see first on the door, On the window.frame, too; Now delete, and I'm sure Out of breath Ilts you do. T. St'run, Luckington. NARRATIVE DUAGAIAM. (Ohange the first two letters of a w ,rd to form another word, ex- pressed il the narrativoe. 24.-In the days of ancient history men oft were made aware Of things incomprehensible, and secrets were made bare; And inspiration often came in dreams and visions rare In the days of long ago. On the night of Sunday fortnight did we angels in dis- guise Lay our forms to get some slumber, and sleep shortly closed our eyes; But between that fatal moment and the time we came to rise We beheld a startling dream, And we thought we saw Foonoolican, our old-time friend, appear, And he clad in human garments was, and raised in us a tear; To think that Harry Taylor should have dared to venture here In this name untrue did seem. TwIN ANGELS. SQUARE WORDS. 25.-Sailors love to drink my first Round the wintry, blazing fire; And a second heavy burst, is an exclamation dire; Third is Indian for worst, If you ask your noble sire; Sailors love to drink my last Round the wintry, blazing fire. C. F. BLaCKBUrN. -4-----