RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRAM.
1,-It seemeth very strange indeed to me, Editor, Why all my cons. I really cannot see, Editor ; And in my first there comes a sudden fear, Oh, dear ! Perhaps all those I'yve sent will not appear-- Oh. dear! I've scanned your pages o'er and o'er arain, Editor, And in my breast I feel a sudden pain, Editor, And silently I wipe away a tear, Oh, dear 1 To think that most of them will not appear- Oh, dear l I sit within my chamber dark, and moan, Editor; I ruminate, and now and then I groan, Editor. The world appears to me now dull and drear, Oh, dearl To think that my best cons. will not appear- Oh, dear! Perhaps I'll next one in the " Tournament," Editor, That to you about a year ago I sent, Editor; And, if f don't, why, then, no more you'll hear, Oh, dear l Of thatfellow, A Quille Penne, whose cons. appear (P)- Oh, dear I A QUILLS PEsNN. ACROSTIC. Foundation Word. 2.-Once I caused thousands wild despair, Though played with by the young and fair. Cross Words. Millions of pebbles I possess, Some large, some small. My name please guess. It oft upon the table stands And sings, though lacking mouth and hands. I fly about when evening falls, Yet in the daytime strike at balls. Though flowers grow upon me, I Am used by all when down they lie. Though I'm the symbol used by Wales. I've wrecked full many a ship that sails. Everything comes to me at length, Whate'er its size, whate'er its strength. HosaTIus, Lewisham. ENIGMA. S.-Os all the wonders of the day, I can with truth most bumbly say That I as first do surely rate, Although they are so very great. Enclosed within a narrow cell, In which I most securely dwell, I'm kept and used at owner's will, To be the means of good or ill. In bloodless warfare I am used, And fearfully I am abused; But though 'tis bloodless war, I trow, It's none the less a fight-oh, no I I'm used by girls, and also boys. And I do make a dreadful noise; I help the right, I help the wrong, And I am sometimes very long. Indeed, I may as well declare That I am almost everywhere; I'm very common, yet I vow That people all before me bow. And now, I pray, sirs, who am I P To find me out I hope you'll try. You won't have far to look, I guess, For you yourselves do me possess. LOGOGRIPH. 4.-Ye Young Folks riddlers of renown, A puzzle I propose, And hope the answer to the same You quickly will disclose. So, for my first, please call to mind A certain kind of tree' Transpose the same, and, wonderful! A female's name you'll see. Now, please behead, and then arrange The letters that remain, A most refreshing beverage You then will see quite plain. M. F. GExar, Fermoy. NUMERICAL CHARADE. 5.-Our 5, 2, 3 lies under ground, In Cornwall it is often found; A fruit that in Arabia grows, 8, 7, 5, 2 will now disclose. 1, 6, 7, 8 is made of glass, And often decks a pretty lass; What means to fasten or secure, 1, 2, 3, 8 does mean, we're sure. If you would fish, 1, 7, 2, And 8 you'll surely take with you; A little preposition see In number 2 and number 3. Reverse of good in 1, 7, 8- Please find it out before too late; If 5, 6, 7's read aright, A beverage will come to sight. Please, on a verb now try to fix Your mind, and you'll have 8, 2, 6. This whole a riddler famed will be, Who in Young Folks you'll often see. AGRIPPA AND ASPEN. HIDDEN RIDDLERS. 6.-The stranger answered, with a smile, " Well, stay with me a little while." "The wall is high," said Tom, " but I To reach the top will quickly try." Good Robin, steady always be, And you success will surely see. Fred Stephens lives too far away; I cannot walk up there to-day. I do not care for mist or rain- In fact, I shall go by the train. THE BROTHERS CARPErTER. OMEGRAM. 7.-Such a name in the world I would make As before had been made but by few, And a fame that time couldn't o'ertake- In short, I'd be something " too too." Do you ask what that " something" would be, And how I that fame would create P Let me say-what at once you should see- For a first I am destined by Fate. And if but to me she is kind, And success every next doth attend, My ambition, I think, you will find In more than ambition will end. ERNEST C., Tunbridge. ANAGRAMS ON TOWNS. 8.-The bolt, sir, is fastened, and everything's right, So now to my bed I will toddle. Good night. Were it not for policemen, theburglars would thrive; They'd rob uight and day, and scarce leave us alive. No wonder I'm it. Cares and vexation Have deprived me of health and all jollification. I'U prone, O king I that she's innocent By defeating all in the tournament. You'll not hang him; he's my only brother, The pride of his sire, and the pet of his mother. SPosTaroxa, Glasgow. MONOPHONIC AL DECAPITATION. 9.,-When nature's loom hath ceased to weave The tissued garb of toil and care, And heaven's sweet breath alone doth heave, Then this should be the first of prayer. When evening spreads her sable pall, And gentle sleep steals o'er last breast When flocks and herds have left the stall, Then this'should be the first of rest.. J. G. oBaOOxLPwm
MONOPHONE. 10.-Dear Tham,-I apologithe weally, But--phew 1-ith tho deuthedly hot, Pve melted away, deah boy, nearly. And first you before I could not. By Jove, though I I fanthy a comet Hath caught fire, exploded, or worth, And ith now, like that fellah Mahomet, Thuthpended 'Zwixt heaven and earth I Now, thuppothiug that comet dethended, Ith tail here, ith head at New York, Whiltht on the Atlantic depended Ith body, I gueth I thould walk Next acroth, jutht to pay you a vithit. But then there'th a quethtion, you thee- The water might not put up with it And extinguith it, then I thould be- Now, where thould I be? Wait a thecond. Thath London-and New York ith here; And there'th the Atlantic, I've reckoned; And thith ith the comet, thath clear. Now, where am I? Pleth my thoul! Well, ah! Ith a deuthe of a problem, no doubt, And one of thothe thingth that no fellah Can tholve, underthtand, or make out I I've got loth of newth, but the odour Of paper and ink mak'th me weary. I'll jutht have a thmall B. and thoda.- Yourth, awfully languid, DUNDREARY. P.S.-I thall drop you another Note thortly. Depend upon me, I've thrange newth to tell you, deah bwother. Kind love and all that, y' know.-D. F. R. CouLson, Bow. ANAGE AMS ON TITLES. 11.-I will not bear the name that you give me. You call me " Sammy Slow;" it shall not be. But si-ce you press me, I will come and dine; But, mind, I leave you all at half-past nine. There is no bar to stop us in our plan; Besides, we will not harm the poor old man. The gentle noises charm me, and I seem To sit and listen to them in a dream. Right in the rays of Luna sat the pair, She playing with her rings, he with her hair. Has pa brought me a book, or skipping-rope ? A book of poems, written, too, by Pope. DAMON AND PYTHIAS. SQUARE WORDS. 12.-Fair sister of Apollo, tell thy name. 'Tis Hecate, Luna, and my first as well; My poor mythology has given me But those two names, so more I cannot tell. Each nation in the world does have a this- A kind of speech decidedly their owt. Though all may mean the same, yet still 'tis true The meaning of all seconds is unknown. The bridal party travel down the this, And then before the altar stand, and say, " I promise that in sickness and in health I always will love, honour, and obey." The gallant " Light Brigade " have made their charge, And Captain third has bravely met his death. That dashing charge was all that was required; The enemy now lie in scores beneath. Poor Bob's wild oats are sown, and now we think That he will surely fifth, and to us prove That all the care and trouble we have spent On him has made him feel we still have love. NoN OMuNs MORTAa. CENTRAL CHANGE. 13.-You'll please to excuse me for using this metre again, But I first it because 'tis my humour peculiar, and so it Shall aid me in warbling the song-or I might have said " strain" S Of a"poet " A second at verse.writing thinks there is beauty divine In magniloquence grand, and proceeds consequently to show it By wailing in words of six syllables. Gaze, 0 ye Nine ! On the " poet I" A true bard, observe, shuns our commonplace phrases, and stands On a pinnacle, treating with withering scorn those below it, And the Muses, o'erawed, become flexible quite in the hands Of the "poet 1" He plunges in classical lore truly mystic and dense ; He wades in profundity awful to think of-and, oh, it Is useless to try in his works to discover the sense Of the "poet I" At hiq erudite lays all the world stands appalled and aghast, And loses itself in essaying to read them-for know it Is vain to endeavour to fathom the haziness vast Of the " poet I" 'Tis true the advice of a poor, unknown scribbler named Pope Is " Venture not out of your depth," but, of course, to bestow it On hiM is regarded as barefaced presumption, I hope, By the "poet I" So, ye writers of verse, who would sing of "Promethean fire," The "Castalian fountain," "Parnassus," st oet'ra, I trow it Will be the best plan to purloin, third, orborrow the lyre Of the " poet I" CouLsoN AND SPARLrNo. ENIGMA. 14.--rm sometimes fiat, I'm sometimes round, In offices I'm often found I'm a guide to your pen, I'm straight, and I'm tall; I'm metal or wood, and I'm useful to all. I govern kingdoms and empires, too. Now, try and bring this word to view. F. BoHEBSR, Shorncliffe. CONUNDRUM. 15.-Kind friends, can you tell me the reason, I pray, A pastrycook's always considered to be The greatest of flirts P Please to mark what I say, And probably you, sirs, the answer will see. F. WALLIS, Swindon. CHARADE. 16.-One night, whilst seated by the fire, I heard a plaintive cry, And then, to ascertain the cause, I went into the street; A poor and old decrepit man with pity did espy. I took him in, and he was soon in first and slumber sweet. He slept for hours, and when he woke was rested well, I reckoned, So gave him food, and also gave a trifle frommy purse; And then he ate a hearty sal, and quaffed a jug of second. He now seemed much the bette:off, while I was none the worse. If you rightly work it out, my meaning willo come forth As a town that's situated in a county in the north. PICKEIano AEn DruwT.