Our friend WAL KIMPTON to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 1. Fcno'odation Words. Primals in hand, expectations exceeding : Beautiful pictures and glorious reading, Additional poems, additional prose, Charming the senses wherever it goes. Finals resulting from just one perusal- If asked to subscribe there could be no refusal; So, strangers and friends, join in one acclamnation Of praise for the journal of such recreation. Cross WIVonls. Our " Party" attending, we're told that by sending A poem consioered the best. The Ed. gives a present, most certainly pleasant * To one who with talent is blest. I'm not a good poet (this puzzle will show it); I write a few verses at times But iu the endeavour to prove myself clever I only supply you with rhymes If fl st of the' Tournament" my con. were the ornament, Delighted I surely should be; But if you're conspiring to eclipse my desiring. Your con. there I gladly would bee. And while I'm ascending, with courage unbending, The path of the puzzling next. Smo t.h as third though it may beo, I should prove but a baby If detcat make me nervous tor \cx'd. When fourth sail- rs crossing, ii ships they are tossing, Fine weather soon scatters their fear; So in puzzle combining, and riddle entwiting, (;oo fifth of success we may hear. 1 ,r our poets this " Party " the prai-e will be hearty; 'Ihes'll sixth and produce a fine show. 1'I help very ;.ladly, but own very sadly '1 would be but a seventh, I know. ,,a ik I. nowltdge assuming-I'm only pr( suming ' to know what I i eally do not- St1ll, this letter's a Greek one, and if ever you seek one, lake this, and my knowledge you've got. This dear little maiden, with precious B. laden, \dill last in the good things placed here; t rd, I think, by agreeing with her you'll be seeing 'I he) 're deserving your heartiest cheer. WAL KIMPTON. MONOPHONE. If to solve this you'd essay, Take the tail from first away; Then, although pronounced the same, Quite a different thing 'twill name. "Let us go for a walk up the mountain," says May; "'Tis a shame to remain in on such a fine day." So away we all scamper, our things quickly don, And soon for a walk to the hills we are gone. And as upwards we clamber. our aprons we fill \'TLh many a wild flower which grows on tbe hill; \1 hllst Bob, with the ferns and the bright put pie heath. IMakes for golden-haired Katie :i ;,ut illi wreath. Rut at length, when we've almost arrived at t.o top, Consin Lucy proposes a short tinme to stop. ' See, tht re is a first in its shade. Let us stay ," And she points to a crag overhanging the way. So we seat ourselves gladly in this sheltercd nook, Whilst kind Lucy roads tales from a wonderful book; There is one all about a great second so black - 'Twas so large it could carry a man on its back Our faces depict both delight and amaze As we hear of the stories of those ancient days ; But the lengthening shados s soon warn us'tis late, And to listen to more we must no longer wait. FLOSSIE B., Manchester. HIDDliN GIRI,S' NAMES. 1'. 3. Oh, sister dear, Come quickly hero, For Ned, 1 think is mad. lle will nt., mm') To have slfat ftln. But growls. Is it not sad ? M o,t 'n. mamma, I leave papa, And r ce iel tell me this: 1, ro;ts and mico aI t milk Iand rice ? " Ahl, i', 1 think not. Ci. ' " I " help m'e dolun," Cr ed Bobby Brown; SF,,r I am in a fix. And locked up here I' or throwing beer, Aud suchlike harmless tricks." Oh, may I go To have a row Out on the beauteous sea ? No, you'll stay here, My little dear, Under the old beech tree. MAY. OHAB ADE. No. 4. Oh, merry Minnie May, So happy, first, and gay, Really looks quite charming On this sunny summer's day. "Now, mamma dear." she cries- And her laughing, sweet, blue eyes Sparkle like great diamonds, As next the coach she flies- " Oh. now we're going down To whole, that pleasant town; And I'll see dear LOTTIE W. Of widely-spread renown. P. LASCELLES. t -
OMC GRAM. No. 5. Dear riddlers, solvers, puzzlers all, Your kind attention now I call, If you'll oblige me and put down A heathen god of great renown. You've done this, so I hear you say, And now I'll wish you all good day-- But stop I you'll please to change the tall, And an auction-place see without fall. HERIBERIT READ. CURTAILMENT. ao. e A simple little flower am I, 1 bloom in every meadow green; But not alone in fields I grow, In gardens also I am seen. But stay I If you remove my tail, A platform raised you'll see, I know, Where honoured guests will take their place, While humbler folk sit down below. Two TALKATIVE PARROTS. REBUS No. 7. J. C. STOKOE. MONOPIION E. N's Fl 15I'1'. Your grocer p'r'aps would grvo an explanation About all kinds of th' so--ho ought to know More of them than do I. since his vocation Is selling them . so, if you care to go And have with him a little conversanion, He may p'r'apstell you where al, these do grow, And all about them, till they go to pot- He may do so, or, mnayhap. he may not. SECOND. From shelf or cupboard bring your atlas forth, And scan its map of England with attention; Look for this-'tis a river in the north Of tlh.t proud land of which I've just made mention. Now -o, to wortk. prove what your wits are worth, And then thank MR. I I EMERY'S invention I.,r all nmuFse'eut which you have derived t rom this small punzlc which I have contrived, F. W. BISTEAD. RIEIlUS. No 9
/ Z FRED O'GR.iv. ANAGRAM. No 10 Dr-'ne-edahnd rkseto a ectelt, Dan ti Igstsn oyu ofr uyor ipan ; Asprg ti kilo a amn so temtel, Nad ti fsot sa lisk mreians. FREDERICK J. RAYNER, SuttOD. CHARADE. No. 11 To one is prefix'd moss; some Bloom wild where winds may toss 'em Amid the air. I have one rare, A fragrant little blossom. My second oft is found in The heather on the mountain, And oftentimes it sparkles in The white foam on the fountain. Oh, hark to the next-wether Among the blooming heather! Its tinkle, tinkle ever keeps The shepherd's care together. The first, with dewdrops laden, May open, bloom. and fade on A single day; but whole will be For years a happy maiden. F. W. PETCHELL.
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 12. Foundation Wore s. If we are but wedded together What wonderful things we can do i To shield you from wind and from weather Is the everyday task of us two. Your bonnet charms every beholder; We set dainty shoes on your feet. Arrange silken folds on your shoulder, And fit you a lady complete. Cross Wordy. I keep my treasure so close and tight, I never yield it without a fleht; When I am seized by hasty man, I'm certain to go to smash. 'Tis only the little squirrel can Steal my sweetness without a crash. Out of me come the trees and flowers, Spacious mansions and lofty towers; Into ume go the soft spring rain, Worn-out body and worked-out brain. Her houses she builds for her children small With bits of herself she lines its wall, Warm and cosy, in cleft of rock; Little cares she for the billow's shock. Round and hard as tortoiseshell, High as steeple, hollow as bell, Worthy of notice: you will see Not a town in Italy without me. A poet spied her in church at prayer. And fell in love with her th n and There ; Hundreds of verses he wrote upon her. And every one said," What a mighty w,, 'r 1" As green as grass, as clear as ice. A magic spell 'twas said to bear ; o( absent lover in a trice You saw the falsehood clouding there F. W. WoollDM N. I rislol. LOGOGR IPH. No. 13 Behead a fruit well known in Eastorn land;, Transpose th remnants as they lIaveymlrhidul, Awell-kunown beverace will then appear. That's ever welcomled :is 'twill ever elol'r RO)BE T CARI R.II'IT ,I-, lull. --4--- -- ANSWEVRS TO RID)DLES. &(. OF LAST WKEK, 1.--lound, wound, sound, 8 --Il.ley. Lisle. bound. 9.- (pe thl: teras. 2.-Ada, Ella, Eve, Ann. 10.-Salve, save. 3.-- S 11.- \ ilton's' Paradis Last." S H E 12.- Sir Tor. Thus : Spain, S T A L K Ink, Ianmsgate, Torrent, C H A Lt L E S Orange, Rum. T A P E R 13.-Canto, Cato. P EN 14.-Lead, lead. R. 15.-Coast, cost. 4.-Hercules, O y s s e u a 16.-,rape, rare, ape, Thus : HerO, EnglanD. Rid- 17.-Chinchilla. leY, CoalS, UlysseS, LakE, 18.-A blade. EsaU, StarS. 1' .-C:ear, earl. 5. - Hart, heart. 20.- Stream. 6.-Liar, rail. 21.-Vow, cow, cot, co. 7.-- liver, liver.