STOURNAMET. ýIDDLE TOURNAMENT.
NAREATIVB E CENTRAL CHANGE. pe te central letter of a word to form another word, ex. t ressed in the narrative.) .Too churlish have I been, I sadly fear, To keep so silent on a friendly theme, er hearty wishes come from far and near, Tor ..my thoughts to many a golden dream. et'though I have not spoken out before Anent the friendly greetings from the "T.," nepondered long and studied o'er and o'er The thoughts that brighten up my own, you see. ild Briar, your wishes crept into my heart, And found amidst its joys a resting.place; Frm that kind message I would take a part, And send it back again, your own to grace. happiness be yours as well as mine, And love and peace shine broadcast o'er your way, gued with more light than I can e'er define, A brightness that can never fade away. r Felix Forrester, we oft of old gave raised a combat in our usual style, Ad you have proved yourself both brave and bold, Able to sympathize, defend, or smile. And as our friendship thus in sport began, Wher I was masking 'neath Mephistots name, gaypassiug years, as future ones we scan, But find our sincere feelings still the same. Strong, steady will, and shining, golden shield, Unswerving faith, and tried and trusty lance, Ae yours, and so I take them as you yield Their service in my cause, T. Pickavanoe; And earnestly I thank you for your praise, sEen though I fear 'tin far too good for me; let well I love to read your friendly lays, And thank you for their warm sincerity. dAtm adherent to our riddling throng In you, friend Langston, do I gladly greet; ~r often have your merry verse and song Lised echoes in my heart, both soft andl sweet. And when your hearty wishes met my eye. They woke within me thoughts of honest pride, To think such gallant knights of minstrelsy Should range themselves as true friends by my side. Aid so I end, with thoughts of swift regret To think I cannot thank each one by name Whose friendly words I never can forget, E'en though I reach the topmost height of Fame I But each must take the will e'en for the deed, And rest assured my thanks are just as true As if I tendered them their rightful meed, Lad gave them gladly what is but their due, NELLIE WATSON, Cheshunt. RAXRATIVE DOUBLE CENTRAL CHANGE. two central letters of a word are changed to form another wrd. expressed in the narratlve.) e sat where the chastened glimmer Fell on her lovely face, And the features fair of that maiden there Were lit with a beauteous grace. From the ladies of every nation A fairer you could not choose, Quite beyond compare from her golden hair To the tips of her Oxford shoes. She satin the parlour lonely, Society's reigning belle, And the softened light from reflectors bright On her queenly figure fell. Shethought of the ballroom's glitter, She thought of her conquests, too; Ad a cruel smile lit her face the while- She knew what her power could do. 'Tas her pride-her pride and glory- That she could, by her charms alone, To her feet as a slave bring the best of the brave To worship at beauty's throne. She smiled when they humbly sued her, Or heartlessly said them "Nay;" They found, to their pain, she was stony and vain, And disgustedly turned away. She smiled in her triumph, but Fortune Was preparing an awful doom- Aproper meed for each heartless deed Committed in Beauty's bloom. She smiled, but a sore retribution Awaited the heartless maid, Avengeince meet for her cruel conceit, And the hearts she had long betrayed. For she did in the weary future Repent each galling word, And cried in vain for her youth again, And her wailiigs wore never heard. lan was the late repentance, An. vain her bitter tears; oas her fate to mourn through a life forlorn The triumphs of form'er years, Hr heartless deeds procured her bislihke from all she met ; Se was shunned by all, both great and small, s a folish, vain coquette. pMassed, with her cats and puppies, A loely, darkened lifo; Si'ends or foes, but years of woes, ilth self-reproaches rife. HERCULOS. CHARADES. Searmed oi a u ord,, eson vyilahle of whloh io a word.) .--In my irst you'll surely see A covering for your head ; And worn br some, you will agree, WVhen seeking rest in bed. My second andmy whole will bring Tile bame old word in view- Able to do or able to sing. WVhat am I now, say you P W. E. PIPER AND C. F. BLAcrDURn. 4.-You'll find my first beneath the grate Where there has been a fire; A measure of cloth for next, if you To find my wholo desire. An article in constant use Now for my third please,write. My wholec a story, often gives To youthful minds delight. E. W. SnnVamL. t DECAPITATIONS. Itma the first letter oo a word.leaving another word.) The should never play with knives when first, They besat are left alone; ecapitate, then you will say y nelt is sweet of tone. FP. E. Hr, Haull. 6.s-Th puzzle's seldom written now. A river this, you will allow. A bunmper now you will behold. Perhaps you think this very bold. 0. F. BLAcltns An R. Wy, Cinau, hih v PAL DROE. h read backwards Or forwards is still the lams.) c hole yon to mr ~rlent," Th e lawyer coldly said; Then nt on with his writing, Iturned away his head. .o. .s s
NARRATIVE BETA.DOUBLE.OIQ EGRAd. ; (Change the eeooncl add two last letters of a word toformn rnOtldr ' word, expreessed&u the nar rattvre) 8.-A certain inlsioian, of name'Vigholinn, An amateur also withlaurels to win, For long had in solitude dwelt With bachelor freedom-no wife td complkin At the constant supply of hls'musio's'weird strain, Which to tears the Performer would melt, Until in an hour (which was evil is proved) By potent ambition'he firmly'was moved To essaying a single.string solo. The task was not easy, but'daily alone He worked at that solo, as hard quite as stone, And all kinds of sustenance left' The neighbours in agony listened for hours, And gave no applause for his vigorous povwers- They deemed him of senses bereft, And still.no s4qcess had app ared to him yet, Though holses bore largely the legend "To Let," Ascribed to that single-string solo. At five in the morning he rose from his bed, With dreams of the solo pervading his head, As he hastily donned his attire; He practised at brealfast, at dinner, at tea, As midnight approached still he'd practising be, Yet could not perfection acquire; Till, failing the much.desired strains to impart, He finally broke both the string and his hbart, And gave up life's single.string solo. The observant pedestrian passing along The street where resided the themhe of our song, A house most uncanny will see; The room, are all empty, nb tenant will stay, For Vigholiun's spectre *il cotlstfntly play In a weird, diabolical key. The Thumper's discussion on bogies and ghosts Had stories most strange, but the best, so it boasts, Is the tale of the single-striht solo. If you will permit, we'll a moral append, And with a wee bit of philosophy end- Some advice which we trust you'll employ : Don't ride a ridiculous hobby to death, Nor on objects quite worthless expend every breath, Both yourselves and your friends to annoy; Don't shut up your hearts and be selfishly blind, But be broad in your sympathies, cheerful, and kind, And don't practise a single-string solo. Jo-KIsa AND J. StocKs. META-OMEGRAM. (Ohange the first and last letters of a word Lo form another word.) 9.-0O Tournament O Tournament I Where royal Marion ruled and sang, Where riddlers prosed of war and peace, Where Sewell rose and Offord sprang. -Eterual glory gilds thee yet, leecos o' this 'ere cove, you bet 1 Philander's voice, and Ivan's muse, Brave Hector's harp, and Nellie's lute, Have found the fame first names diffuse. How sad their voice of praise is mute To one who tops the " Tourney " fry I- Nay, Stocks, don't whisper" Is it 1?" The Muses smile on lofty minds, And, therefore, they do smile on me; And, musing thus, my great soul finds Sweet comfort, riddlers of the " T. F' For standing on a lofty stool, I cannot deem myself a fool. last night I dreamt a king named Bill Held sceptre over " Riddle T.," And knights in thousands did his will, And dames in hundreds-it eas ! I counted them ere break of day, But when I woke, oh, where were they P? Yes, where were they ? All gone, I vow- 'Twas but a last. Those legions great At dawn of day have made their bow, And I am left to curse the fate Which gives such dreams to great.souled youth, But will not grant them seal of truth. [Being overcome with grief, I can write no more.] W. M. fOLrsME, Easingwold. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leavgig another word, expressed in the narrative.) 10.-How happy was "me" to see in the " T." the name of Philander Mugg, A hero of glee, so happy and free, a friend that I really could hug. O suet and pie ! O steak of pope's.eye I 0 for the dear gals of to-day I O holy War Ory 1 0 perfect hair dye! 0 what a sur- prise, I must. say! Ph'lander, Ph'lander, thou valiant knight Ph'lander, If you want a trusty friend, I beg of you to send And let me know at once, my great Ph'lander! Philander, my dear, please welcome me here, your com. rade, Theophilus Mudd; Though many a jeer may blend with a sneer, for our queen I'd shed my heart's blood. O knights of the " T. 1" 0 try to agree! O, Hercules, do be a maul O dear, dear, 0 me I oh, what did I see ? you blush behind Nellie's court fan ! Oh, queen i oh, queen! the gay and jovial queen ! Our acknowledged clever queen, the fairest, maid e'er seen, I'll be faithful unto thee, my gentle queen ! THEOPnILLS 11UDD, C.C,S., ACROSTIC. (A word.or words, f.mned of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Words. 11.-The other eve we two sat down ' With full intent to gain renown By seeking from within the "T.'r The knight who as our chief should be. We do not meanuto give eippdrt! To those who basely would exhort The knights within this ring to rise And other monarchies devise. No, Iarfrom that! We two obey SeenNellie's rule and own her sway; y "chief " we mean the knight we'd call The premier writer-best of all 1 We found we'd got a tidklish task, And many queries had to ask Ourselves before we fixed our mind Upon the bard whom yoett.wlllfnd In prin.l . Oross Words. STrace in my name that $oet who About a seamstress Wioote quite' true. The poet who, though dumb, oould.pen The sweetest lines for sinful men. A poet which fieed noiQtbt '' "The Seasons" yon will il'd ~ie wrote. - Who' aswne lTai& *'tsi evqr reckoned, Apot a joIland bi ith,.. Or, better sti~l, bricgs peace on.earth. Two ancient poets you will viewi Their writings are not known to you. : Ty isltwa3i hoWlid6 14th of. ptidce,' '. Whb gained iL, too-h sgeet taklehse. H, J. i; O kostb 'Is sn C. F. ..it~ .h"ic
NARRATIVE DEiPuIr.'CUu 1' mLMTE1j1 (Drop the t s' n ''i't" etia''t tor °' a:'fd:ijl~i anpt sr 12.-Hove eweet to my' sind are the diys that have fleeted, When 1, like a martyi, was tiottel to sohddl . I love to remember th way I was treated, When caned and proiouioed an inveterate dol,. I long tor the days when my schoolmates tormgn l, And made me the butt of each.jucuar scheqe;.,, They teased me until I was neatly demeuited- " But still with affectiop of th6se tims I dream ' They teased ahd tormented Till I was demented, But still with affection of those times I dream'I Shall I ever cease to remember that minute When into our pantry I stealthily went, And took down each bottle to see what wasin it, On thorough enjoyment and Auvuny bent?, Shall Itnow my thoughts dow when iogtly a clikoling Struck dumb my poor.heart with a vision of pain, And a " ge.tlemai's" voice murmured, "'!op there, for picklng " , Yet tohse arb the'days I would go through again, Though locked in so quickig, Aind if I felt sickly, Still, those are the times I could lve in again I I still have a lively remembrance of nurses Who caused my young life to be chockful of woe; I know that they borrowed from me mamma's purses, And all the contents would immediately " go" I They used to meet soldiers, and with them go strolling, Forgetful of all appertaining to me; And often before they returned they were rolling- Yet those are the days that once mutetr ivould See. Though nurses went sttolHng, And homeward came'rolling, Yet those are the days that once' more I would see I I still seem to have those sweet moments of'pleasure When playing with marbles I kelt on the ground, And carefully every " distance" would measure, And finally all my opponents astouia With niarvellous hitting. But, ok, oh returning What cuffs for' destroying my clothes I ould get! But, nevertheless, I am inwardly yearning To welcome those mornings of happinuds yet., Though whackings for tearbng The clothes I'd beoil weatink Was all that I got, I would live thole days yet ! Such, then, is our childhood, 9emembored for ever- Those moments of halcyon bliss that are gone. Shall joy ever fill us as then? Never! never! Though plodding we live for a century o. .. . From youthful enjoyments we've parted with sorrow, We see but the preseny., nor know not the past; We think but of what will occur on the morrow ; But, oh, ten long years of my life I would east If, teased and tormented Till nearly demented With schoolmates my lot I could onie hgain cast! 11. HT. 'WO Otou AD S. DR BAnn. DECAPt-CURfT A ILMENT. (Drop the erst and last letters from a word, leaving another word.i 13.-I'm late, though 'tis better than never Performing a right pleasant task, In marking the knightly endeavour Of one of our friends-Iron Mask. He's come with a great many others To lists where the riddlers be; All hail to such sisters and brotheft Who join in the joy of the " T." He may be an old or a new friend, Perhaps ope of the " forty," indeed; Old or new, him I greet as a true friend, And wish last good luck and good speed. The things he has said in my knowing Are pleasant, and not soon forgot; But not for the words he's bestowing Do I tend him my hand on the spot. We have need of the ones who sincerely. Uphold what'is honest and true, Nor come here to gratify merely Their first, and their vanity, too I And those who bind closer the fetters That hold all the " Tourney" as one, Make true-hearted riddlers their debtors, And find 'tis a worthy act done. You have heard, I've no doubt, and have seen, too, The knights who were "suddenly made;" And have witnessed the trouble they've been to To throw all the rest'in the shade, Each one has a kingly opinion Of others, including himself ; But it's time all this taok of dominion Was laid on th'e very top shelf. The queen is the only admitted Scribe with an authority here; And Miss Nell is in every way fitted To rule in the " Tournament." sphere. Let each make a god ou his brain power, And worship what doesn't exist; We know that with her shall remain power, And frauds shall be rightly dismissed. So let us, my comrade of " Iron," Walk on in thi path of the just; The carpers may hedge and environ 'Lhe "T.," but 'tis one we can trust, You're a mask, so am I, but rewards are Not less to the masked than the plainu; And those in the van of the bards are The knights who still hidden remain. IvaNOE, Belfast. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 14.-Young De Wilkins was a masher, No one ever doubted that; Maidens voted him a "dasher," Men declared he was a flat. O'er the ocean he went sailing As a purser, bold and free; Maidens all, his loss bewailing, Sat anld mourned beside the sea. lMany seas he travelled over, Many sunny spots he knew From the snowy cliffs of Dovhr To the woods of hot Peru ; Girls he saw of varied beauty, Fair and dusky, short and tall, And he thought it was his duty Fur to love them, one and all. Once, he said, in fa offPekin, He went out upon the mash;- For a sweetheart.he was seejding,. But his mode was ratlier ruish. To a girl he walked dp, smiling, Saying, "You're a sweet rosebud I" Did she meet his smile beguitiug? No; she knocked him in the mud! To the ship he got back quickly, Vowing girls he'd mash nO nlire; Then, with smile jist rather. ickly,. Said his head was ver'sorb. " Never will I seek another, Never love a girl again ; Tender feelings I will smotbier, Never more I'll beai this pain." Though this life with trials iffs'dli., Still, yoa needn't'fac6 them sll l N ever mash achinese.mamiden, .. . r your pride mayjget falln. ' IELAO CuOL,
NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop S fikh it %a oor wor, expressed 13.--Nellie Watson is queen of the " T.," Her verses are sweet as can bey he khll hbs ate s'titb ib 'tlie''".'Toirament" throng And Nelli9 p Uelt o .the " T., weetr M aln willed, ilieiselt, . i, . T r a bl al F, : . .. . Approved by eai," 'orngmient " elf, "-,u p , Tralbla. , ": .... And so:ft shall be l. Hurrah tor, the !T.! I'm proud of QAeee Nellie mayself, I'm proud of Queen Nellie yself. Thltre Was sone'li4lkf a king, But we'll hear of no snob thing, Ttal.la I Our lances we'll sink Into Stephenas' ink, For Nellie is queen of the "Ring," Tral-la I " Our Nellie" isl queen of the " Ring," Sing on in your merriest strain, Tral'la I Let us hear you again and again, Tral-la I We're loyal and true, Queen Nellie, to you, And our loyalty never shall wane, Tral-la I Our loyalty never shall wane. For Nellie is queen of the " T."' Trail-la I Her verses are sweet at ci.n be, Tral.Ial dome, join the throng, Ye knights of song, For Nellie is queen of the " T.," Trhl.la I "Our Nellie" is queen of the "T." J. W. SEWETLL, NARRATIVE DELETION, (Drop a letter from tie word chosedn. Idvlid adotilel s*or&, et- Dresssd ill lldi narratlve.) (With prolb/lnd apologies to Sir W. Scott.) ld.-The plate was hot, the beef was cold, The dany was young, the man was old; He gripped the plate with nervous grasp, D it dropped it with a painful gasp. Then, shivering like an aspen leaf He slowly took the tempting beef ; With soft, delighted cries, so sweet, He made to masticate the treat; But quickly then the old man backedt He'd bit his finger in the act, And--- I! ttIrblean.) TaEOPHILUS MUDD. SQUARE WORDS. 17.-A beautiful garden, a garden of old, Filled with beautiful, brilliant flowers. Many things are often neat, I am told, To pass away solitary hours. All things must-end, as third this little riddle, Though time must excepted be. A. small, round home with three eggs in the middle For last you are sure to see. C. E. BIRaNCI, London, 18.-My frst is a part of the human frame; For my nert a part of the face please naviel My last is a name, as you'll quickly see, Given to stones precious and jewelry. F. C. Foors. 19.-1. This a thick rope, I'm afraid. 2. This you'll find on every maid. 3. Round my second fast 'tis made. 4. In this river we shall wade. 5. Finished is the word that's said. C. F. BLacuana,. DIAMOND PUZZLE. 20.-If to solve this diamond you contrite, Know first's a letter to be found in five Second is often used to frame a sound t The third a sort of inaline will be found; Fourth is oft done at election time; Fifth's a word used in describing crime; Si th's a-leader famed in present times ; Seventh's a frait that grows in foreign olimesI ,ii hth's an insect common to us all; Nintl's a letter found in yacht or yawl. C. BATES.