The Riddler.
1 CHARADE. First form a curve—a sort of crook— Another curve shaped like a hook, And now you have a common sign, Which may be produced from this long line. Now halve the word and you will eee, By converting last letter to an Ë, That it becomes a word in Greek, The name of that heard when you speak. Add to this word L. E. T. E., And a useful instrument 'twill be, With which you can both play and jest, Or falsify the vencriloquist. Robt. Watt. 2. ENIGMA. I grieve to think that I am such A troublesome and painful member ; Some say I rob them of their sleep, And always their digestion hinder. Yet though I have such wicked faults, You will by experience discover, When after you bave cast me off, You wall gometimes need another. Robt. Watt. DECAPITATIONS. Take ms whole and I shall ba A building well known to thee. Take off my head if you desire, Behold a large river in Yorkshire. Behead me again and I'll be bound, Both a noun and a verb wall be found. Ε. \V. Steven. •i. A river in Ireland ; if you behead, Another one you'll have instead. J. Wright. 5. CHARADE.—Three Statesmen. I do nofc wade in politica, Nor mix in a debate ; And for all things of this kind, I have a mortal hate. And I am first that I am so, For I have clearly reckoned ; That many find it to their woe, . ; ;· " They're quite reduced a secondi rl. To all who are this way inclined, . ;,.'' I'd recommend that they Should never mi^s to go third, On every Sabbath day. Those who stop late at their clubs, In the morning they will be Very fourth— of that I'm sure— For experience teaches me. Years ago when the tempest raged, At night on the bounding main, Many a mariner blessed my fifth, For it saved him to home again. And when I have some time to spare, I hie me with my book, And stretch myself on some green sixth, Within a shady nook. And now, dear reader, au revoir, For you must do your best, To find my whole—three statesmen, Of whom one's gone to rest. Frederick Frost. They say I'm short, So I think you onght Very quickly to find my name. I'm hated by all, Both great and small, But for all that I come jusfc the same. But though small I am told Three words I unfold, Quite wonderful I am you see, The second drinks the first To quench my thirst,'j Then salt water puts'an end to me.