ÎHÈ RIDDLEŔ 1
METAGRAM, (Changé first letter of a word.) Dear "Comrades," the " Jubilee Journal " well-named, And my olď-time "Champion" friend. I've reíd all your stirring narrations in prose -, And tny heartiest greeting send. I vow our Guy Rayner'e a true life sustaihèr— A pleasure to study and read ; He ne'er seems to first in production of fun, And tho work-a-day world has its greed. I've read " B. J. J." during months of the past, And am deeply attached in the present ; The sparkling stories, abundant with glories, Are 'venturesome, happy and pleasant. Charles, my dear friend. I am honestly proud Of your latest attempt, 'tis a credit To you, and I hope that the next will extend That charmed all your magic, and fed it. Bold Vanoc immersed me in waters so wild I With their current along I was carried ; The. author had made it " too short and too sweet," With us longer I wish hè had tarried. Ah ! " Comrades," you're one of á pretty, large bunch Of roses, you're one of the fairest; ; And your merits are always too clear to be missed, No matter what habit thou wearest. V. D. Taylor (Warrington). Ϋ. DUAGBAM., (Change the two first letters of a word to form another word.) I asked you, comrades, á short first «go, To choose you a king, o'er us ţo hold sway, And now, by Ed.'s favour, I'll to you show, The riddler I hope will ne'er go away. His last is familiar to all of you, He's popular, is the one whom I choose, One and all, riddlers, I now afk you to Elect for your king Mr. Robert Andrew«. And now for a week I bid you adieu, My fellow readers and riddlers renowned, Very soon I hope that Robert by you As King Robert of the " R." will be crowned. Droffo. DECAPI-CURTAILMENT. (Drop the first and last letters of a word, leaving another word.) His name was Mr. William Brown, Ho ivás a thorough scamp, He sometimes loitered round the town, And sometimes went on tramp. One day, upon a window-sill Ho saw á fine peach pie, Said he : "As suro as my name'« Bill, For that I'll have a try." 'Twas Thompson's wife who'd made that pie, She put it there to cool, Bhe must have known some one would spy It, as they came from school J Her thoughts on that piu did not dwell Till dinner-time came round, And then her grief no one can tell When it could not be f ^und. Meanwhile Bill Brown had ran away With his ili-gotton pelf, And hidden by a stack of hay He sat gorging himself. But, oh, the fruit was very sour, Alas I for poor old Bill, He ate till 'twas beyond hi« power To eat, and then fell ill. Though many people I have seen With «rimai« of all types, I vow that í have never been With one that had the ¿ripe«. Well, Bill was seized with this disease, His life we could not «ave, And now a gentle, soothing brees· Wafts o'er his little grave. MORAL·. it final you should chance to «py Upon a Window-sill, Something resembling я peach pie, Think of the fate of Bill. Nimo. 4. DECAPITATION. The pistol's crack rings in the àtr, The rifle's ping is heard, and then The Smoke curls to the skie« so fair That smile upon the brake and glen. But hark, a chout comes on tho breeze, . And echoes from the hills afar, And rushes through the nodding tree«, A eouud that this fair scene does mar. R. L. Jefferson. T W
ALPHABETICAL ENIGMA. A is the Antelope which speeds o'er the plain, В is tho Bison by Indians slain, Sis the Cougar in S. America found, u the Donkey which is driven around, E İs the Elephant mighty and strong, F i« the Frog with legs very long, G is the Giraffe with a neck like a tree, H i« the Horse both captured and free, I 1« the Insects which buzz áll the day, J 1« the Jackal which oft runs away, К is the King of beasts wild and tame, L is the Lion which is just the same, M is the Mongoose, an animal rare, N Is the Negro with black woolly hair, O 1« the Otter an amphibious creature. P is the Panther—and toon he will eat yer, Q is the Quail which is hice upon toast, R is the Rabbit which some people oft roast, 8 is the Skunk with a very strong smell, T is the Tiger which leaps very well, U is the Unicorn of fabulous fame, V is thè Viper—beware of the same, W is the Walrus which lives iú the sea, X is a Letter Xcluded by me, Y is the Yak, in Cashmere 'tis found, Z is ihe Zebra which will not be bound. Then if for each letter an animal'« found, Which two are moet useful the whole world around ? Apostrophe. β. ENIGMA A sTlRŔtNO párt I've plaýed in this world's history, The cause I've been of many a mystery, Seeking ше, men have lost their lives, 'Tis but for me tho man in business strives The youth from school, just starting o'er life's WAV, Looks in the future, and hopes that perhaps some aaj He may achieve fame and possess me. . Alas 1 how often are these things doomed hot to be Such is my power, and such is Eome men'« greed, That, to possess me, they do some unlawful deed. Men, thrones, and nations alike by me are swayed, In me the basi« of all things is laid. Ajax (Nottingham). ~7.~ CHARADE. My first is a creature that dwells In fresh water, It's very voracious, and much prone to slau.hter. My second's an article—and 'tie not the leadt ; And my third is the plural of a kind of beast. My whole is α youngster, conceited and pert. To be put down a peg would do him no nurt. Rob the Riddler. 8. . ENIGMA. When I enjoy good health I always keep my bed, And when I stand upright I stand upon my head. With force they often pull rüé out, And flaw me ere I die ; If у flesh they hack aud cut about To boil or else to fry. Rut should you wish more to know. Dissect me when I'm dead ; You'll find my nose upon my crowh, My heart within my head. Rob the Riddler. DIAMOND PUZZLE. Fii-3t is but one fifth of glass, Ktxt's the name of a pretty lass, Third to you will sorrow briog. Fourth's to lift a heavy thingj Fifth's a lucky playing card¿ Last of all is fourth of hard. Read the centrals through each way, The answer you will see ; It gives the name of á country vaet, Far away across the sea. Geo. R. Hoddt (Camden Town). 10. SQUARE WORD. A domestic animal is thi«, Well known to every boy and min. A sort of monkey now please find.« 'Tie very quickly brought to mind. In this a Chinese product view, Used every day by all of you. Albert A. Dykes (Southampton). 11. DECAPITATION. An animal is my first, And if you'll please behead, You «urely now will view, A part of your body instead. R. Wheeler and A. Dykes. 12. TRANSPOSITION. If a mineral you twice behead and transpose A well-known beverage it will disclose. W. Jackson and S. Richard« (Would-be Politician«).
13. VERBAL CHARADE. One third of man, One third of fan, And then one fourth of dark ; One fourth of cage, One fourth of page, And then ono fourth of bark ; One fifth of spear, One fifth of clear, And then one fifth of barge ; One fourth of true Will bring to view An island, drear and large. The Prussian Knight answers to Last Week's Riddles, 1. Home, Come. 2. Faoe, Gave. 3. Write, Wrote. 4. Poem, Poet. 5. With, Wit, 6. Sleep, thus: Socrates, Love, England, Eve, Parncli. t Hale, Ale. »4. Nemo. 9. Cares—s.