THE RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. TRANSPOSITIONS. (TrsPose the letters in a word to form another word.) ith npogies to Mrs. Hemans' "Spanish Champion.")
I" The Editor bowed his hoary nead, .- And stirred his sanctum's fire ; Then to his table went again, And piled the papers higher. " They send to me their offerings, They send them by the score; But still I think the useful grate Will hold this lot, and more." Thus spake the Ed., and gathered he The cons. both great and small, And in the flames' devouring grasp He dropped them, one and all. Then lightly rose that smiling Ed. And bounded to his chair, And brushed across his shining head His first supply of hair. And lo ! afar, as still he sat, He spied a surging band Of shabby men, who each one bore Some papers in his hand. ,N ow haste, my brother bards, for there, In very truth, is he- The man whom all our frenzied eyes Have yearned so much to see." The Ed. looked on-he could not speak- Across the room he went; He reached the sanctum-table's side, And 'neath the frame he bent. Low down upon the floor he bent, 0n3 table leg he took, And gave it such a sudden wrench The whole construction shook. The leg was free-a loosened thing, It dropped upon the floor; The Ed. rose up, and saw the crowd Oi poets at the door. The hair waved o'er the leader's brow, That brow was broad and high; And fearlessly he led the way, As if to do or die. Upon the Ed. he cast a look, A most determined gaze, And said, " We came that you should print Some cons. to win us praise. For each of us has sent at least A dozen cons. or jokes, Which you, for reasons yet unknown, Have not put in Young FoUs." "Poets I" the Ed. he fiercely said, And clutched his weapon then. "Talk not of cons. till thou next write Like other riddling men." Then raised he high the table leg, And proudly there he stood, While to and from his temples coursed The warm, excited blood. "Came you not uninvited here ? Unwanted, too, I wis; Keep back ! the first who forward moves Shall know the weight of this; And if from here you do not go, Full soon you'll feel my ire." E'on at he spoke the Editor Still raised his weapon higher. The poets saw that danger was Depicted in his face; They cast on him a frightened look, And fled from that warm place. And since that day, though years have passed, No con. of theirs was sent To seek the honour of a place In this our" Tournament." P. J. CASEY. 2.-My first's a maiden's name That's well known in the " T.;" If you transpose the same, A water-nymph 'twill be. F. E. HIND, Hull. NARRATIVE MONOPHONE. Frdolefdiferent meailing, but the same in sound, expressed in the narrative.) 3.-Friendship's not gained by chance, Nor lightly won, Nor measured by the word so often on Man's tongue. Prosperity brings flatterers, score on score, With eager vow, Declaring death alone can break the bond Pledged now. iMisfortune lowers with e'er-deepening gloom; The adverse tide Sweeps the fair weather circle late so fond Far from our side. Perchance one soul unshaken by the storm Remaineth leal, Keeping the pledge of brighter, sunnier hours, With friendship's seal. Tested and tried in heart as well as name, A friend alway; Rare such a jewel; oh, never with light heed Cast it away. MIRIAI GRAY. MONOPHONE. (Wordsoldifferent meaning, but the same in sound.) 4.-At last the beast came to a first, And turned its head around; One of its next was slightly raised, The other on the ground. "Shoot. Will," I said unto my friend, And caused the beast to start; Next moment it lay on the ground, With a bullet in its heart. J. H. VIviAN, Croydon. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. I~s lletters, as well as the initials. form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 5.- singing-bird find for my primals, And then another for my finals. An imle Cross Words. eti ement. One of the West India Islands. De. nesa, An anim A river in France. A head. T. E. PICKAVANCaE. RIDDEN VEGETABLES AND HERBS. Sl.Teke the teapot at once, and put it on the hob. I Tom a tooth out. I have put the jam into the o, ' ou can enjoy a nice nap easily on that couch. i, a .o th mnessage to her. Saturn, I presume you a upiter. MRS. GUMMIDGEs CHARADE. a('md n a l ord each syllabie o, which is a word.) '-Whilst at irst I met a friend Who took me home to chat; j ot whe teat down on the eair Itbroke- ad killed the cat. "ick I a second," then I cried To mend this blessed chair ; l.ai ainit feels 'twould break, llump into the air. I ell, ter this catastrophe, "ia a ts timue to dine." v eae yoa hole ', my friend then cried; so, We'll have some wine." A. T. Howus 4Xcn G. S. s4sri.
NARRATIVE METAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) 8.-We're going to try to make you ill, Nothing more nor less; No doubt you soon will have your fill, Nothing more nor less. We cannot write a decent song, It's much too short or else too long, And often, too, the metre's wrong, Nothing more nor less. We thought we'd have a tricycle, Nothing more nor less; 'Twould just surpass a bicycle, Nothing more nor less; But, oh I we rue the awful day The demon wheels came round our way; The doctor now we have to pay, Nothing more nor less. Some folks think angling very grand, Nothing more nor less; The noblest pastime in the land, Nothing more nor less. They'll fish for hours, so I am told, And very often they are sold, For all they catch is but a cold, Nothing more nor less. A friend of ours went skating once, Nothing more nor less; He couldn't sit with ease for months, Nothing more nor less. For soon he ran against a swell, He lost his balance, then he fell Upon the ice, and hurt his-well, Nothing more nor less. Oh, dear! we wish that we were dead I Nothing more nor less; The little wit we had is fled, Nothing more nor less. If any knight sees fit to " cuss," And thinks of this we've made a "muss," That fellow can apply to us, Nothing more nor lees. HEcTOR AND W. E. THOonsoy. 9.-O Philander Mngg, You're worse than a Thug With your "truthful-James-like " candour; You've settled P. Wyatt (That's something to cry at), O loyal and royal Philander. Your "satyric" verses, And hectoring curses, And " son-of-Bowanuee-like" dander, Show you're a death wrangler, And a " Phansegar strangler," O wicked and "bheel-like" Philander. Now, in my good.humour, I'll tell you a rumour, O spontaneous-combustive Philander; They say you're a " Mugg," A windy humbug, And-great Scott !-a goosey-gander, Also, in good season, I'll tell you the reason Your mug has such handles, Philander; They say you've gone Arctic, And Wyatt, Antarctic, From each other's fury to wander. To the lone Southern Ocean In a fearful commotion Goes Wyatt, the far-famed commander; While, trembling like Nero, The valiant "brick-hero " Makes tracks to become a Greenlander. This life-or.death race, At so killing a pace, To our risible tastes seems to pander; 'Tis the joke of the " Tourney," The cold region journey, Of that big-worded bravo Philander. I'm sorry for Wyatt, He was awfully " quiatt," No wonder he fled from Philander; But if he but knew That the wandering Jew Of to-day is that modern Evander, He'd come back so frisky, That, in barrels of whisky, His Nottingham tin he would squander ; While, rising in masses, We'd lift up our glasses, And drink to the absent Philander. W. M. HOLMEs, Easingwoild. (To Arthur Amberley.) 10.-" Though lost to sight, to mom'ry dear," Is true, but I am hoping To see thy lance once more appear In battle bravely coping. A merry knight, a pleasing bard, A clever scribe, and candid; A critic true, with no regard For they who false praise bandied. I ever searched with keenest zest For cons. of your production; But lately 'twas a useless quest- What can be there th' obstruction ? I know you not save by your name, Yet seem to know you fully; Oh, seek again the "Tourney's" game Ere time your fame can sully. Long months have passed since you were here In style so quaintly witty, Yet rivals new you need not fear, Come they from plain or city. O Arthur A., come back, I pray, The welcome would be kingly; I'm sure you'd find it hard to say Your thanks to each one singly. F. JoHNsoN, MIanchester. 11.-0 Riddledom, dear Riddledom, You are so very drear; For 'midst your fight so gay and bright, Miss Taylor is not here. Her gentle voice we often heard Within our gallant "Tourney;" But now, alas I it seems to some She's left our dear old Riddledom, And gone upon a journey. 0 Riddledom, dear Riddledom, Our hearts are filled with sadness, For we must mourn-her songs have gone, That were so fall of gladness. Perchance some day she'll send again Those riddles once so clever; Her absence we shall always grieve, Though we cannot and won't believe She's gone from us for ever. C. FARsNcoE, Brighton. NARRATIVE META-PRECE.OMfEGRAM. (Change the first letter and last but one of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) 12.-Without the preamble of visiting Hades, I've made a discovery worthy of note, And if you'll all list, ye warriors and ladies, I will endeavour my notions to float. Wail, H. A. T., if you wish to be hidden, Clothed in the garbs of nonsensical names; Long 'neath the same have you carelessly ridden, Now is the time for the end of such games. Toss and Foonoolican now are before us, Plainly revealed in the clever H. T.; What a long list you could ha.ve for a chorus Out of the names you've invented so free I 11, JOasnSOn, Manchoqte,
METAGRAM. (Oheane the first letter of a word to form another WordJ 13.-Between the primal age and oars He lived his life, and living, flourished By fortune's wealth of liberal showers, And much applause of nations nourished. A little higher than a king, With impish wit and humour shallow, He danced inside a golden ring, And stole the graces of Apollo. In camp, and first, and tournament, When such a song was fortune's herald, He glorified a John of Ghent While waiting for the new Fitzgerald; And in the time of war and siege, Though feeling courage, could not show it, So took the rightful privilege Accruing to the minstrel poet. He turned the heads of maidens gay, And dowagers with features skinny, Dancing their hearts the while away To music of the jingling guinea; Hung mists of chivalry above The little things which are unspoken, Perpetuating hate and love, And love and hate, through years unbroken. Where shall we look for him in days When mind is marched and time is prodded P We sit behind the splendid bays, Not wear them as the Roman god did. No roads to next but stepping-stones, And three are frail where one is sturdy, Now in the time of telephones, And triumphs of the hurdy.gardy. He sits before an inky desk Within the littlest of attics, ~Vith hair unkempt and dress grotesque, And metre proved by mathematics. If he may pun on Attic salt, And live on it with dry potatoes, His verses must not hold a fault, But every word be choice as Plato's. The muse is but a fickle jade, She may be coaxed, but won't be driven; So, while the quarter's rent's unpaid, He waits in vain the touch from heaven. Small wonder I homage may entice The winged maid to boor or Hindoo, But 'twould be such a sacrifice To peep inside a broken window. He pines for bread, but pens for fame, The ways are open, means are scanty; Naught to him but a hazy name Is Nature's dolce far nients. He sees in dreams a wildwood copse, And fields a-rustle in the twilight; Here Nature's seen o'er chimney-tops, With smoky sky through bits of skylight. * * * 5 Good people, for the days that be, Old Time's bells ring a ding-a-donging; But for the old.time minstrelsy We look with glance far more than longing. Give poesy the middle age, Then wealth could not too much adorn her; But take away the modern page, And take, O take, the poet's scorner I IVANHOE, Belfast. NARRATIVE META-OMEGRAMS. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrativeJ 14.-Mary had a toothsome lamb, And fed it on green peas ; And while poor Mary kept the lamb, The wicked lamb kept fleas. And Mary used to kiss this lamb With sudden gasps and stops; For Mary. though so young, you know, Was fond of mutton chops. One day she took the lambkin out, Tied with a string, for play; But, oh I it pulled her all about Until she lost her way. And then, when she was by a stream, And feeling tired and sad, It crept behind and shoved her in, And then ran home like mad. Now, Mary, though a modest girl, Was tired of all this botLer, And so she said a word that rhymed With that young lambkin's mother. And scrambling out, went slowly home, Wet through, and sick and pale, And chased that lambkin round the room, And beat it with its tail. And when she'd rushed about a lot, And many times had struck it, She felt so very sick and pail, She bad to use a bucket. And then she wept aloud with grief, And said she'd tell her pa; But it, the lamb, turned on its heel, And merely muttered "Baa I" And this, I think, is all I know Of Mary's little lamb: But this is true; the other tales Are nothing else but sham. FOONOoLICAN. 15.-Still is the voice that once did swell In music sweet and grand; Vanished the form that once did dwell Revered among our band. Ah, yes ! the maid of high renown, So long the " Tourney" queen, Singeth no more, and her bright crown In other hands is seen. Our queen, adieu I fresh ties, perchance, Do claim allegiance now, Else would ye still be bearing lance, The crown upon thy brow. Nellie, on whom her mantle falls, Worthy to reign alone, Rise up-'tis all the " Tourney " calls- Ascend the vacant throne. MERCIAN. LOGOGRIPHS. (A word which may be treated as a metagram, decapitation, Idele- tion.and transposition, but leaves a perfeOt word after eabch operation.) 16.-An English county my first will be' Behead, transpose, and then you'll see A number is there in its stead; if you have done as I have sail, Reverse this now, and you will see Used by fishermen this will be. J. H. VIrwv, Croydon. 17.-Behead a small vessel, Then reverse the same, A game and a stream 'Twill surely then name. F. E. HIND, Hull. ACROSTIC. (A word,or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) FOiundation Word. 18.-My plrimals, read aright by you, A seaport town will bring to view. Cross Words. A town in Yorkshire. A town in Germany. A city in Italy. A town in France. A city in Holland. A town in east India. A town in Russia. A town in Portugal. A cty in Sweden. Toonap 4BN BLUESKaN.
NARRATIVE PALINDROME. (A word which read backwards or forwards is still the same, exo pressed in the narrative.) 19.-Oh, call my brother back to me, His conduct's rather rough; Can I have wandered from the sea To meet with a rebuff ? I've searched his locker o'er and o'er, And jammed my fingers in the door; I shall not do so any more, Because I've had enough. Oh, Davy, boy, where are you now ? I'm dangerously ill; And I have had to take, I vow, An antibilious pill. Our sea physician says that I Must have " a glass ' when I am dry 1 He threw me one and blacked my eyes So I have had my fill. It's very wet just now below, And crabs are very rare; Last night a lobster bit my toe, And made me loudly swear. Our mermaids sob all day and night Now you've levanted from their sight; Old Neptune's kids have got the blight, And Morgan combs his hair. Come back to me, my brother, do, I've briny on the brain i And, like the sea, I'm very blue- In fact, I'm quite insane. Come down, old chap, and bathe your nOle With brandy, ere the " publics" close. Ta-ta, I'm going to have a doze To ease me of my pain. PAUL JonEs. SQUARE WORDS. 20.-My first a name will surely be, Pertaining to the harsher sex; This word you'll doubtless quickly see, And thus you plainly will annex My first. A seed well known, from which may grow A mighty tree, and often seen; The same a clever guess would show- But stay, you must know what I mean, I'm sure. A famed commander here to light My third will bring; who at a fight Of name familiar quite was slain. I think I need no more explain For this. Mistake will promptly fourth supply, Maybe you'll this at once descry; To say more would the answer show, So now I will proceed to go To last. And here no token of respect To close the square you will detect; But 'fore solution is disclosed, This fifth and last word is transposed. Adieu. AcaHLLas II. 21.-Flying over the rocky mountains, Gliding over the moonlit sea, Far from the summer's rippling fountains, Life in the rocks is the life for me. Through the sweet air a second is flying, Wings I possess not, though swift I can go; 'Tis a game, and of that there is little denying, But kindly remember to first use the bow. By the side of the rails in a country town, There's a lovely, quiet spot where the sun looks down; It shines on the dead folk, the living ones too, And the trains that rush by never trouble the view. Under the shade of a drooping willow A maiden and her fourth now stand; His manly breast forms a noble pillow, Her future rests within his hand. Some certain kinds of jugs decry, Known very well by you and I, In last; they're very often sold To carry water, I am told. C. F. BLACKBUR AND HECTOR. WORD TRIANGLE. (Each star represents a letter.) 22.-1. * * * * * * * . 6. * * * 7. * f 8. * 1. A town in England. 2. A delicious fruit. 3. A day of the week. 4. A river in Spain. 5. A beautiful bird, found chiefly in Egypt. 6. Name of a small river in England. 7. A verb. 8. A letter in Young 'olks Paper. E. LEIDosoLD CONUNDRUMS. 1.-Which is the most obedient to the church, the organ or the bell ? 2.-Why is an inn like a churchyard ? 3.-Why are fish in a thriving state like fish made to imitate them ? INoona , Widnes. ANswEas.-l. The bell, because it rings when it is tolled; but the organ says it will be blowed first. 2. Be- cause it is where the weary travellers rest. 3. Because they are hearty.fish.all (artificial).