THE PUZZLER. 158.—CHARADE.
Sweet lady with the hazel eyes, I give you fair good-morrow, And trust my whole may never give You cause for grief or sorrow. And may you never, never sigh When you would fain be sleeping j Those eyes so tender, soft, yet gay, Must not be dimmed by weeping. Come, tell me, do you ever feel Regret that Fate has bound you ? Ah! do you ever, ever wish My whole had never found you ? Fair lady with the auburn hair, Too bless'd must be his duty To guard, to cherish, love, protect Thy fair and gentle beauty. And other thoughts and other dreams Thy presence must have banished j And follies of the long ago Before thy smiles have vanished. Thy earnest and devoted love Consoled him in his sadness ; He must not dare forget to you He owes his life of gladness. Sweet lady fair—my gentle first— So graceful, tall, and slender ; %, Oh ! may my whole, with grateful heart, All homage to thee render ! Ah ! may you never, never know Long, lonely hours of sadness- Neglect, contempt, ill-usage, blows, All driving thee to madness ! Fair lady of the hazel eyes, Oh ! may he ne'er be tiring, But tend thee, as my second would His mistress for his hiring. M. Mellett. 159.—TRIPLE ACROSTIC. 1—A mark with reverence often viewed ¡ 2—An animal with head renewed. 3—What nitro-glycerine can do ; 4—A sign that puss is pleased with you. 5—A lot of idle taĽc reversed ; 6—A sacred prophet tailed by first. 7—An ancient word implying zeal ; 8—A plant that makes us pleasant feel. , 9—And last of all, not least, I ween, A greedy passion, low and mean. Combine the initials, you will find What often moves a yeuthful mind ; Combine the centre letters next, You'll see what often have perplexed ; Unite the finals, they will show What juveniles should always know. Geo. J. Bell, Jun. 160.—ARITHMETICAL QUESTION. One hundred plus nfty, Plus one-third of two, Plus one-fifth of seven, Plus one-fourth of shoe, When added together, I'm sure it wül show A weight which is little— Seven pounds, you must know. Quince. 161.-ENIGMA. Although I'm very old, There's none so young as I ; I wear out those of strongest mould Until they gasp and die. To all I'm bound to go, Not rich nor poor is passed ; With some I am too slow, With others far too fast. .<' I'm master of my speed, And while I wield that sway, With those that don't take heed Of me, I do not stay. J. Sare. 162.—DOUBLE ACROSTIC. 1—I warble long a tuneful song To greet the joyous morn. 2—An Israelite of olden days, Whose sons did err from wisdom's ways, And left their sire forlorn. 3—My city lies 'neath southern skies- Delightful region this 1 4—In Hindostán my temples fair Rise where the warm, voluptuous air Seems fraught with dreamy bliss. 5—Vast wilds I hold where travellers bold Explore strange scenes among. 6—A poet of the Emerald Isle, Whose charming "Melodies" beguile Lovers of lyric song. 7—With gentle force my stream its course Through EngUsh plains doth wend. 8—A noted city of Japan : Its name please mention, if you can, And then your task will end. These read by you in order due A living statesman trace, Who by persistent energy, Force, genius, courage, subtlety, Once rose to power and place. J. S. 163—VERBAL CHARADE. My first is in prose, but not in rhyme ; My second is m daisy, but not in thyme j My third is in plant, but not in tree, And for my fourth you'll search the sea; My fifth is in breeze, but not in wind ; My sixth in a glaring colour you'll find ; And my whole is a pretty little flower That often decks the garden bower. ' D. Dyce.