THE PUZZLER.
517.—CHARADE. The summer sun, in all his splendours beaming, Turning the rippling Foyle to liquid gold ; The hunting from the ships is gaily streaming, Shook by the breeze in many a graceful fold. Innumerable firsts are on the waters, Content and pleasure beam in every face, And gathered round are Derry's bright-eyed daughters, Who wait impatient for the coming race. The Derry swains with all their might are rowing For love and honour. Yes j they are aware Bright eyes are fixed on them, soft cheeks are glow¬ ing— For their fair owners wbat would they not dare P But Fate decrees they shall not have the pleasure Of winning in the race, so they are vex'd ; But, straining hard, they make up in some measure, And if not first, they ore the very next. And now race follows race in quick succession, Along the wharves gay crowds do come and go ; The military band plays "with expression," And everything looks fair and apropos. When, hark 1 a shout is heard t my second's over— A splashing plunge—he disappears from sight ; But in a trice the skiffs about him hover, All eager to assist the struggling wight. My total pulls my second from the water, And safely lands him on the crowded shore ; My second says 'tis but a trifling matter, And all goes on as calmly as before. At last the twilight shadows dimly gather, The mist rolls down and hides yon far-off hills ; The people hie them home, though tbey would rather Linger beside that pleasant river still. Such scenes as these awaken deep emotion, And harmony 'twixt rich and poor promote : They help to waft us o'er life's troubled ocean, And safely past the shoals of core to float. John Scott. 518.—ENIGMAS. 1,— Five of ns live all in a row, And all are brothers dear ; And though we ore so closely joined, We're never known to jeer. Now, I'm the weakest of the lot, And live at number five ; But me and Tom at number one Assisted old Lord Clive. In stature ï sball ne'er attain To number two or three ; And number one is greater far Than ever I shall be. But yet onr ages are the same, But four were taller born ; And though I am so small and weak, I do the row adorn. I help my brothers at their work From morn till end of day j But oft I take a single part When we ore at our play. Now, just below our dwellings fair, There stands a lofty tree, Which is to Tom and all the rest As useful as to me. Joet Brow». 2.—I was in the garden with Adam, and in the Ark with Noah. I was also present at tbe sacrifice of Abraham. I went down mto Egypt with Jacob, but not with Joseph, his son. I was among the Israelites when they were oppressed in Egypt, and I was at their deliverance, but not with Moses. At the present time, you will find me plentifully scattered over the earth. You will always find me in war, although I love peace; and, finally, I may be found in our Recreation Supplement, though not in the Puzzler. , J. Quinn. 519.—TRIPLE ACROSTIC. That festive season draweth nigh 1 When our good-wishes we exchange ; Now this is mine, which you will see If these few words you can arrange. 1. In Holland seek this town ; 2. What lessens pain you next put down. 3. Paddy, they say, is fond of this ; 4. A work of art is this, I wis. 5. Though distant, always is in view j 6. A weight of gold well known to you. 7. A king of England bore this name ; 8. A town in Denmark of no great fame. 9. Transpos'd, you'll find I am the middle ; 10. Curtail him now to suit the riddle. 11. A number something less than twenty ; 12. Always in Christmas when there's plenty. 13. Reversed, in Holy Writ this province find} 14. An Italian town recall to mind. 15. Transposed, a hollow : find the same ¡ 16. The eagle can this any bird you may name. 17. A weight you'll just select for this ; 18. May this, curtailed, transposed, be ever in bliss. 19. Transpose to be this, which is often seen On manyan empty house, I ween. C. E. Kelit. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 120. *% For answers to Puzzler in No. 108, please see preceding page.