THE PÏÏZZLER.
- . g 457.-CONUNDBUMS. 1.—Wht is an indictment for riot like the cartridge of a Snider rifle ? 2.—Wht is a witness who forswears bimself like the middle of the Atlantic cable ? 3.—What fancy material did Louis Napoleon give an order for wben be went wool-gathering ? 4.—It the French conld conquer the Germane, wby would they be like practical tautologists Ρ 5.—Wht is an abstraction of property by guests at a private party like railway management Ρ 6.—Wht ie the break-van of a railway train like the shopmen of a large drapery establishment Ρ 7.—Wht are disreputable public-houses like a trio played on two fiddles and a violoncello Ρ 8.—Wht do boards of guardians make enemies of tbeir officials wben tbey increase tbeir salaries ? 9.—Wht is a man who is crossing tbe river to bny coals like one wbo delves a garden about eigbt yards square Ρ 10.—Wht is 'a einking ship like the bride at a wed¬ ding? 11.—Wht are agriculturists like mediators Ρ 12.—Wht is tbe most occult of tbese conundrums like a f ©rty-eighth part of the G. J. with the Supple¬ ments omitted ? T. W. Bakeb. 458.—METAGEAM. ¿ The morning snn in royal splendour beamed, And brightly flashed on polished helm and shield; Along the serried lines gay banners streamed, Where veteran thousands gathered to the field. Their hearts beat bigb, as, vowing ne'er to yield, They marched to drum's dull sound and trumpet's bray— Oh ( many a gallant soldier's fate was sealed, And many a noble chieftain fell that day, As over me they rushed to join the bloody fray. Now change my bead. Slow sinks the setting sun, His lurid rays gleam redly o'er the plain. How changed the scene ! The battle now is done ; Wounded and dead lie wet with crimson rain : Amidst these mangled forms I grimly reign. There lies a youthful form—a mother's pride ; Life now for him has neither joy nor pain ; Battle he lov'd, Glory he made his bride— I wooed and gained bis beart through wounds so gaping wide ! ----- John Scott. 459.—ENIGMA, ţ. If e'er you in a carriage rode Upon a calm, still night, I'm sure in me you always went Where'er you did alight. I was inside your carriage, Whether it was old or new, And every quaint old school-room You'll find me therein, too. I'm here, I'm there, I'm everywhere, I'm outside and within ; In fact, there's not a place on earth But you will find me in. All the compositors of the G. J. Set mein each line ; And all tbe jobbing printers, too. Hold my just cause sublime. And the Editor of the G. J. For my enigma's left this— A little corner—or the sol. Tou to tell me it, I wis. W. Davidson, Jun. ! 460.-CHABADE. BtrN o'er the alphabet with speed, You'll find my primal at its end ; On next poor Jack does partly feed : Prom cold and cough it may defend. As for my third, 'tis but a name— A name quite common among men ; 'Twas borne by one of tarnished fame, j Recorded by the sacred pen. ! In these disastrous days of war, When battles rage between the foes, My whole from conflict is not far, And often tells of coming woes. When war's shrill blast I wildly blow, The war-horse neighs with proud delight ; His drowsy master tugs to go, And lead him to the deadly fight. " Great strength unto the horse is given," " While thnnder clothes his shaggy neck," '* He pawetb and the valley's riven :" My loudest peal will not him check. WM. BtfTHEBFOBD.T; The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 108. %* Por answers to Puzzler in No. 91, please see preceding page. a t t A