THE .. . TOURNAMENT ::NARRATIVE MFiMAGBAMs.
F ge the ulrst letter ofentdh the n faGm another hwrd.,epressed Dear Sohies r!m really so sorry and grieved: o til should faycy me subh ,wiked old sinner I u scarcely, believed yu could have upset te so much. since your last con., in Y. ~. 961, . s pzzling my ignorant brains o'er and o'er Alto at I could possibly write.l IneW it was useless to say," I don't care " n Ifelt in my heart that I did, d I fancied you'd turn a deaf ear to my prayer since all thoughts of,myself you forbid. et i spite of all this I most earnestly trust It cn coax you to freely forgive; Ilydon't, I must lower myself to the dust, 1 ndbanish all joy while I live. :Bt (you'll pardon me, won't you?) I was so amused a think I was Robert le D., st, when those few lines I in wonder perused, I wasnearly convulsed.ip my glee.. , nd Ivahoe, too, thought exactly the same (T~0ugh why, I have now quite forgot); ~et know this, dear Sophin, and you, knight of fame, That I'm certainly sure, I am not I .But tleo are one or two things that you say in your con. Which you don't, in reality, mean; And with your permission I'll enter upon The bold explhautione you.gcreen. You don't think in earnest I laugh up my sleeve At your self-imposed " greenness"-confess I B ue, if you did, I am sure I should grieve Sthe very worst form of distress. Aol you don't in reality wish you were me, Nor mean that you'll put me away From your thoughts and your love (far from wanted, you seel) For many and many a day. l0. I don't think you will, and Ipromise, dear friend, -Notto whisper of matters-unpleasant; rm sorry I thought you a knight, so will end.- Yours repentantly, NELrIE of Cheshunt. k-The queen is dead-God save the king I From east to west let plaudits ring I Our queen resigned her powerful throne; No other queen's sway will I own. No Mercian I-a loyal knight, As often proved in riddling fight; But I have now objections strong To raise above'our happy throng Another maiden as a queen, Though she be powerful, high, or mekn. I own her often-vauqted skill, And know her mighty with the quill; She's faultless-that ',ll not dispute~ But even say she'd neatly suit I- Buat that we're tired of the sway Of persons of the weaker clay, Whose verses swarm with epithets, r ""weet," "darling." "dear," and many "pets," Who speak of naught but " summer eves," And sing a dirge for "falling leaves," Who pass their valuable time In praises of each other's rhyme. They join the fight and raise a noise, Soute singing of .' thehbattle's joys," And pit themselves against each knight, As though on equal lines to '. fight." 'Oh, what'a farce.l Those " valiant maids" Who'talk so well of" gleaming blades" Would swoon in fear, alarm the luquse, If jast'confronted by a-mouse I Yet should a knight a maid attabk, Of good support they'd find no laek, And make their sex a good excuse Our generous dealing to abuse, And meddle in our war affairs,; , . Thus doubling all our weight of cares. Comes there a knight with arm so strong Can pacify the rhyming throng-- Can rule with strong, unyielding hand, And sway the doings of oursband, And yet with heart as light as air, A riddler far beyond compare ? He comes-my brazen shield I ring, And own PHILANDER MUGSO as king I King ITMug, arise I the crown is thineo: As for support-why, count on mine. HERCULES. I-It isn't very often-but it's voted quite enough- Iessay to write a riddle for the " T." ; But I swore neon my cuff That I'd write some kind of stuff Whether railed at for a muff- Which I should cousitler rough- Or be pickled in the waters ofnthe sea, Ov ther el "smallobi"aings" earn the praise of philosophers of ad I wouldn't call 'em fibbers for 'the world; For they're often at the birth Of a never-dyieg mirth, When they hurry from the earth (Of good rhymes there is .a dearth), ,ome poor mortal who upon a tack's been curled, Tax 'bean kirld I sllied forth one eveningto the wonders of a fair- Don't I wish that I had staiyed at home that night ? For amidst the ructions there Some one borrowed of my hair, Which I really could not spare, fo'd As my scalp was rather bare ; seen me you'd have nearly taken fright, Taykrtin rite I .F. JOHNosoN, Manchester. -Dear ir, which I've taken a notion ,As how you are crabby aid cross. anse why? 'Cause you made that commotion Anent the good name of old Toss. W ich I'm riled and so don't care a tanner :' What dreadful eveits conic to pas s; 80I say, in a bland sort of manner, You're a" hass.' il Toss now he's grievously bitten, Will fall froa the page as he ought. By the tail of my grandmother's kitten I It makes me just wildoat the thoneht, ehere, in good sooth, is the credit O haeng feash names, Ivanhoe reve t was Shaespe~ e that said it, ndk he ought to know. And perhaps e's aon opa andlonely, .,Or maybe he's Jame and-stoneblind; ThA" now,ast you think a bit only, ,ud say if Ytur action wnr kai.a . ;, .coutse and so that's why I'm making ad ro : eYn mhich is painful- but brief; And . nr your leart.'eoisng ., GoosELY, in grief. fi°,z'i, owerst!iflpX o i .....anpother wore.) iA ags plant of gauo.y hue I. -risal'- shown-... O s e lotten' hanged il bring lo view
IARRATIVE META-OMEGRhM. tli resede In tleHjatra ke.) ' yo grenI.ls ranad an alono iin o Sys. of ol, . a d o id nthy.wters o;u have we sportel 4~ by, day,' Wlen we wer; little youngsters, so happy and so gay? And well do I remember when. tombathewe-alU wouldgo, We many times got lamed for taking with us Scaldy Joe, Whose parents dear would not conseutto let him have aI -swim; . Yet it seems strange to think not one at swimmning pould beat him. And then there was our Tommy, who oliaday a bet did take That-he could swim out to the " ji "--hbe won, and:got a" make;' . And Archie Smith would go with 'ns to teach us what to do, For at swimming and at diving he could show a thing or two. Ah, those wede happy days,indeed, When we were young andl gay,. And o'er thy fields, dear Sydenham, we wandered day by day; We wish for thdse good times again, brit wishing is in vain, For those bright, happy boyhood days will never come again ... . . J. BIRnsELL, Belfast, NARRATIVE META.PRECE.OMEGR AM. (Change the first letter and last but one of I word to form naottr wordl, expressed in the narrative.) 7.-I stood in the silent midnight At the hour of drea'land fright, And Ig tzod with sorrowfl vision On the death-cold pallor of night. I sought with a longing eager For a message fromn Nature's lore; Sorrow's cup was filled to o'erfiowing, And-it would not hold any more. Oh, comrades, I'd written some verses With a poet's soul and mind; But my brother has snatched the paper, And the rest of it I can't find. The above is all that's left me Of a poem both grand and fine ; And my brother, he asks with laughter, "'Have'you drank that cup of-of-wine ?" W. M. HOLMEs, Easingwold.' " OMEGRAMS. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 8.-One look and a grin, then "a-swallowing it all," ' twasn't very broad, and it wasn't very small; But, I tell you the truth, it was kinder tall, That Eiffel Tower image of sugar I One snap and a choke, then a swelling of throat, Then down to his stomach and burst his waistcoat- A marvel, a wonder, and just cost a groat, That Eiffel Tower image of sugar! One glance and a sob, then a shedding of tears (You must really excuse last, a led of ten years), First buttonless vest gave him all kinds o' fears- That Eiffel Tower image of sugar I One step and a lurch, then a staggering away; Arrived at his home by the end of the day; With toothache and heartache in bed he did stay- oh, that Eiffel Tower image of sugar ! W. L. MILLER. 9.-Once I went a-fishing With rod and lines and all; But now I have been' wishing That I hadn't gone at all. For a heavy thunderstorm came on, And first last I was caught; And as I got drenched to the skin I didn't find much sport. IRON MASK,. NARRATIVE CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word, ex. pressed in the narrative.l Mucc Ano Anour NOTHING. (Being aDialogne Between a Lonely Mother and a Veteran Soldier.) 10.-" Oh, tell me not my son is dead I" A lonely mother cries; "Oh, say not that his youthful head Lies low, no more to rise I Oh, do not rend my heart with woe, Or, heedless, give me pain; For I around the world would go To see my son again." "I bear you news of import sad," The soldier then replied, " Anenit your youthful soldier lad, Deservedly our pride. Who often bore the battle's brunt To save a comrade's life; Always discovered at the front, Regardless of the strife. His foemen's terror, friend's delight, A valiant soldier he, But now no more within the fight- Alas I that it should be." " Oh, keep me not in this suspense," Ini tears the mother wailed ; " Oh, say if in the Queen's defence My son's life'S breath has failed. I know some dread catastrophe Has to my son befell; I pray you, sir, on bended knee, Its nature quickly tell." " A truce to all this folly, Away with melancholy, And banish all disquietude for ever; Those eyes, with tears unsightly, Should now be shining bri htly, Like sunbeams through the clouds of stormy weather. The object of your love Isa't living up above. But on this globe terrestrial does walk; No need:have' yon to sigh, He's but damaged in the eye By collision with a champagne cork I" M oses CHBI5Tro, Hades. LOGOGRIPH. (Aivord ivhleh may be trented as a metnagram, decapitaton, dole. tion, auld tmranepottlon, bat leaves a perfect word afrtr each operatlon.) ' 11.-A oloak my first will be " 'A If you cow e'wiq behead, A solemn time you'll see. If you the same again behead,. ' And then transpose, Why, you'll disclose A number in its stead. My ~second'now again complete, * 'I'm saue you'll see Thats it will be ' . . STo lease, if you a letter do delet e, J. H. VIvrA, Crbydob ENIGMA.' " 12.-Iffromn a well-hiomn itsh " ' A letter you delete, A doctor, sure, you'll see. My riddle's now complete. SA bathing-place atfew miles from Belfaibt- ' '.
... . NARRATIVE PALINDROME. s 1,' (Aor4 O whtýal yb A kw rda i tcr the arim, e - .Is.--oh, Willie. dear, ij.u. m. .il, Don't oeri pqw, ." If Of writing I hav&ihad myfi11 , Don't cher knowl 'Take snuff, and it will make ybn sneeze; Chalk does hot taste a bit like cheese; And when it's hotiyou cannot freeze, Don't.cher know ! &a Eat little ere son go, to bed,, .Don't cherknow I d Or you may wake aud' ftad you're dead, Don't chor know I But now 4'll fuish up, by gum I And tell yos. what to do-ahum I t ",Say toe.thing nice about your chum," Don't cher knowI , " , " ' « '5. . , S Sir, you are incorrigible, r Don't cher know I A chasm this unbridgable, Don't char know ! I say this task is past my powers; I've pondered o'er it three long hours; But still I'll etd this con. of ours, ' Don't cher know.! My c'omrade;, Betor, is a brick, a Don't cher know ! My master once gave me the stick, Don't cher know! I-He wallopped me'like twenty bars, But Hector found a piltol (pa(r)'s), And made the cherub gaze on stars, Don'tcher know ! Hcroar AND W. E. TnousoN. PALINDROME. (A word whtich read backwtards or (orwards is still the same.) 14.--A word of letters three am I; Spelt backwards, I'm the same; I do express with force to fly. Come, riddlers, guess my name. H. RoaBIsox, Sheffield. DECAPITATION. SDrop the first letter of a word.loaving another word.) (With compliments to Nellie Watson.) 15,-Time has been fleeting Since your pleasant greeting, Welcomed me to the " Tourney's" throng; The grace'of first message "' May, I trust, presage " Firm friendslip in riddling song. Some months sincb in my'reading I was moved by your pleading For dames who their skill would display;' So, you eee, 'twas your singing First set my thoughts winging To join in the merry affray. Now. dear Nellie, your warning I will not be scorning- I'll not wander away from our band; Though my Muse is oft fickle, Leaving me in a pickle, Without a line fit to be scanned. Fresh triumphs attaining, Sweet Nellie, your gaining All the hearts of next knightly array; The dames also. love you, With loyalty ever true; None more so than yours, MIRIAn GRAT. NARRATIVE DOUBLE DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first two letters of a word', le avnlg another word, .. expressed n tiae.narratlve.) (With opologles to P. WJaftt, Notti~nhham.) 16.-Brown at home, but Not at rest; Landlord threatens A " distress." "Bums" without, Full of wrath! Brown within, Sipping broth. Doors and windows Fastened tight, Therefore Brown the Bailiffs slight. But lying snug In bed that night, Hdars a noise, and Starts with fright. Comes from chimney; Artful Brown Guesses " hums" are Coming down. Lights a fire In the grate; Cries of woe- " Help me, mate I" Down the chimney Falls a boot, Room is filled with Dirt and soot. S ** Three days later, Danger past; "Bums " have gone, Safe at last 1 0. FARtcoinsE, Brighton. 17.--There's a clever "Tourney" lady Who oft sends a svstet song, And she's got a proposition That, to some ears, may sound wrong. "Throw off your masks, each ' Tourney ' knight, Appear in proper guise 1" That is what this lady bright, Miss Maggie Conquer, cries., I quite agree with her, sirs, Her proposition's fine; Bnt while you all throw ofi your masks, I think I'll keep on mine! InoN MASK. NARRATIVE 'TRANSPOSITION, (The letters of a word are transpose, and form another word in ' ,the narratliv.J " (To the C"hief of the Warriagtor Clan."). 18.-As mention has been made of me in mannersuppli- .cating, I must, if I would be ,polite, return some kind of "prating;" ' But as, dear' friehd, I'm, rather mixed o'er that was 2 written to me, I must be careful est1 htchitoe, ' alse judgment should undo me. If I have read'thb oon ulgt ~, i aid yon were invoking- SAs if my feeble "Jtin. f. of joy wore e'er pirovoking I- TO help to raieh'"a Tiournteiip at. (Now, that's not incivility, But I express Kniigl Tltlr's thoughts to th' best of my ability.) bsof I promise now to.o m'y best that end to be attaining, Yet there are ti6des whe kbsent ones are asked "to be explaining." ". "".' Now, with this profnia, I would seud a strong con- . grat tlation . ,.".'.y y . - 'o B d'ir retru't oa enup o old altiroli Aie tatlion A I hopeand trust staidhl ele will come totake you from " amiotag us, For if you think you ari dnob missed I'm confdeut you m ' wrong se. F, Jonwso;ir Manchester.
NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. (Change the frst two ]rtte o a w tod w foam another wT , es "c r- piIieQ 1n t~i'r" ' fl" t j J?' '- 19.-No v ee tcv, old mani Isam going to ask Some questions concerning but you; And hope that you won'tthink me cheeky or rude, S F,or,asc.4 a thing dyring to do. On a nice summer night, whed the moon il it lieb bright, ": Anad he: stars twlilcle'brighltly on high, -. ' Do you o'er take a ramble along Wivth your " inmaIi" And swear"iliht f6r her You would die? Ii tihletio iseits do you-ever' g aO P At football at all do you play . Or are you expecting at cricket to lib.: A Grace or a Spoffor.thsorne day,?' . . Do you often.visit'the theatres,' friend? : ~ . S. .D yoa:patronize music-halls- ... Or has it been ever.your fate to attend SF'nagy faire, or bazaars, and dress balls :,. :.; But, there. I will stop; no mOre questions I'll ask, Or you I might greatly offend; And that is a thing I would not like to do, So, for fear that I might, I will end. * * 5 . , Och .Tohnny, me shaver, ye've staggered me quite, Ye've nigh been the cause of my death; For though I'v been gaspinig for mote thdn an hour, I've not yet recovered my breath. : 'Whatever inRuced you to write such a string . Of questions, I really dont know; But I will endeavour to answer them all, - Or4 anigry i'm sure you will grow. Ido take a- ramble along with my "mash,"' , l.t often it's raining-a lass ! Thdn where are the stars shining brightly above ? - No matter-we've-plenty of gas ' - A, Spofforth at c'ickdt I never shall be, A disgrace you mean-not a Grace I I played football once, but I soon had enough When a big fellow trod on my face. To theatres sometimes perhaps I may go, When 4 bloodthirsty drama is on; The other few places I never attend. ' here, now I have answered your. con. .. BIRRELL DND,,HECTOB. NARRATIVE.DOUBLE CURTAILMENT. : (Drop the two last letters of a word, leaving anotiher word, eo pressed in the narrative.) 20.-Sir Ivanhoe, Sir Ivanhoe, . To you we send our greeting; , Much pleasure it would give to us With you ,o be meeting. But our patlss in life lie wide apart, Sir Ivanhoe,, I ween For while we-are in London town, . You are in Belfast.seen. The " Tourney " teems with riddles hard, Most clever Ivanhoes .- . ... But there's one that puzzles each poor bard- , The-answer well you know. - Some say you aye a maiden, Every one has had a guess; " . But this puzzle "takes the cake," We sadly here confess. Butbe you youth or maiden, There's one thing that we know, The cleverest cons. upon this page Are by Knight Ivanhoe ! In mystery you still do bask. Ta, ta I Yours, G. U. B. aNn IaoN MA1s. SQU.ARE WORDS. 21-1. Display. 2. nponp.ra as a god, 3. Certaini ng. i:,g birds. 4. Characterized,by - elody asdisstiugalshed from harmony. 5. M~ore compact. 0.~The nettle rash (Med.). A. B. Moass. PYRAMID PUZZLE. Fouiudation Word. 22,-To get oostral many-lives are lost; Our maters grumble at its odst. Cross Words. 4 consonant for first indite ; Noet a vapour bring to sight; Third us carries miles away; Last I Went in a boat one day. F. E. HIND, "HUlL CONUNDRUMS. 1.-A riddle I'll ask, though quite a new-comer : * How does a bird resemble a plumber? W. BEL~, 2.-What is that which goes, and. stands, and never walks ? 3.-What is that which flies high, and lies low, and has no feet ? IGoOaAs, Wid.es. 4.-If a manr met a person to whom he owed -money which he could not pay, why would that person's face be like the doctor's gig? 5.-When is a ship like a poor performer on the pianoP FPLnnBBETIGBBEm . ANSWERs.-cl. One pipes his lays, and the other lays his pipes. 2. A clock. 3. Dust. 4. Because it's the "phiz" he shuns (physician's). 5. When she bumps the quays (keys).