THE PUZZLER.
•520.—CHA11ADES. : 1.—Л senium,] n« author at his table sits, Evolving new-born fancies from his braiu j He tries my second to improve his wits— Alas ! the Muses he invokes iu vain. At last he hits upon a novel thought, And quickly sets it down in black and white ; Well pleased, he has α new idea caught : In printer's first thc world will see the sight. His labour done, and ready for the press, He wipes his pen, and leaving it aside, He overturns my whole on his MS., Which spoils his labour with its fatal tide. John Scott. 2,— When the stare are peeping, And shadows softly creeping, As the evening twilight draws apace» Primal brightly shining, Daylight swift declining Upon the habitations of the human race. Totals brightly spreading, Mild light calmly shedding A radiance around the earth serene. All is full of gladness- All is void of sadness- All lasts upon the lovely Elysian scene. ^ W. B. Mason. 3,—Coldly and sadly broke that gloomy morn-r- The snowflakes fluttered through the misty dawn, And in his prison, worn with age, and gray, Charles, once a monarch, as a captive lay. No diadem his wrinkled fosehead crowned ; No eourtiers with their homage knelt around; And yet he looked, deserted and alone, A greater king than when upon the throne. The haughty Took had left his regal face : A truer, higher majesty was there ; And as good Juxon read the words of grace, The Song's lips trembled with the touching prayer. And now the prison-door is flung aside, And, lo ! an escort, armed with martial pride, Stands in the corridor's enshrouding gloom, Eeady to lead the monarch to his doom. The King smiled sadly at his cruel foes, Spoke low to Bishop Juxon, and arose. -«■ Around old Whitehall's buttressed walls so strong, The multitude with eager faces throng. They gaze upon my whole, whose black-gloved hands Firm clutch the axe, as by the block he stands. They press the scaffold, grim and gaunt and high, Where Charles the Martyr stands—about to die. A sea of upturned primais, pitying, Aro turned towards fair England's conquered King. E'en strong men groan—fair women sob aloud, And not a last in that gigantic crowd : But eeemed as if he that foul blow had felt, When at the block the fated monarch knelt. Stanley Bramall. 4.— When from friends I chance to roam, And am first away from home, What pleasure it .will be to hear That I am still to memory dear— To know for me each heart doth yearn, That I some third may safe return. My second, though but very small, Is found to be the head of all. The three together joined will name A man of high repute and fame ; A philosopher wise and profound, -? For ability and skill renown'd. Wm. Mountford. 521.—TBIPLE ACBOSTIC. Primes, centres, finals downwards read, And to your great surprise, Three poets' names will be revealed To your astonished eyes. 1. A clever artist : who has not heard his name ? His famous pictures are of world-wide fame. 2. Now like this verb be active, do not rest, Until you find its name—it means to invest, 3. This is a word, may justly be applied To you and me, and many more beside. 4. A ship, a boat, man, woman, dog, and cat, They all have this. Come, wits, now find out that. 5. If my acrostic's this, now don't blame me : You can't expect it plain as А В С. 6. When death occurs by accidents or fires, This officer into the cause inquires. 7. He who is this will gain a prize, no doubt, And be the first to find this riddle out. T. Hall. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 121. *** For answers to Puzzler in No. 109, please seo preceding page, — - ■ ■·-...