THE PUZZLER.
316.-CHARADE. Pent up in that gory city, Circled round on every side By a host who, void of pity, Scattered ruin far and wide. Short and few have been their slumbers All that long and dreary time ; Daily they beheld their numbers ¡Swept away by foe and clime. High above them all untainted Britain's flag doth proudly wave ; All my last is purple painted With the life-blood of the brave; Yet they were resolved never To the dusky foe to bow, For their hearts were stout as ever- Gallant heroes of Lucknow. Long and patiently they waited : Days and weeks rolla slowly by j Oft cast down, and oft elated When they fancied succour nigh. Manhood in his strength and glory, Woman in her comely pride, Vot'rans decked in tresses hoary, Grimly marshaled side by side. Gazed they oft into the distance Listening for the faintest hum, Which would tell of that assistance Which seemed destined ne'er to come. Fear from every breast they banished ; Though my first bedecked each brow, Hoped they on when hope had vanished— I Gallant heroes of Lucknow. Hark ! the swelling trumpet's gay notes As the gallant band comes on : One wild rush of British bayonets, And the residence is won. By my whole their forms were wasted, Little was there left to save^— Death's dark cap they'd all but tasted, Rescued from the very grave. Voices that despair and sadness Long had keptin servile chain, Now burst forthin tones of gladness, In a swelling martial strain. Place a chaplet of glory On each war-bronzed hero's brow, Laud their names in song and story- Gallant heroes of Lucknow. William Aitken (Sorn).
317.—CRYPTOGRAPHICAL CHARADE IN VERSE. Ryykzymdz zde ek tmxxcmya у vtdya Ryx cmjyky yd. f e tvefmda j dy a Ryx yvky mok ydy yvk jcpavykjixdhgy ι Fe fejymn yrfk edh'cc jddy wmyxdhy Edh ykkx ydy cdya wdt itmfrc jyrtnv My fre gk wdhyx gkykryv r nvhtnv R nkee dt orhcy my lmcc tkokrc Qd wmyк my dhy ydl hjk evht bkrc Lvky hylkcndfk omjmvdtj myythxk Ryx yvkrat gkvromdht my fdjy thxk У q myxmayrymdy yvky lmcc ghtjj Rj m wmtfee gmx yvmf ykuy tkoktykx Ce ytryjidjmymdy yvmtx my wdhyx Yd Kfrny r jlkky ryx ickrjmza jdhzx Ryx yvdhav fc tyvj ydy ymavy M'cc yre Edh'cc wmyx my knxmya kokte xre. Mw edh yvk wdht ydakyvkt smdy Fejyktmdhj ltmymya edh'cc xkwinyk Fe nvrtrxk my xdyk ydl ndy my d'kt Qvmy vmxxky jkntky vryx kuiedtk. William MountfoIid. 318.—REBUS. A fish, a plant, a town, a bird, A coin, and then a name ; A tree, a stream, a queen, a beast, A god, and then a game ; And last of all an English king To make the number right. The primals add, if you would have A timber in your sight. Quince. 319—DOUBLE ACROSTIC. The armies of fair France they led Against the Prussian foe ; But though in thousands heroes bled, Dire was their overthrow. 1. They met—had ranting, speaking, shouting j But were but this for all their 3poutiug. 2. This river in a land that's foreign, I think runs rushing, dashing, roaring. 3. Get this transposed with puzzles trying, And soon " I've found it !" you'll be crying. 4. For Private Jones deserting drilling, He gave him six weeks of " tread-mill "-ing. 5. Disguised, intent on fate defying, And slain by a chance arrow's flying. 6. This mountain oft is spluttering, spitting— That is, 'tis fire and smoke emitting. 7. Though winds and waves are howling, swelling, Our ship is this, and a safe dwelling. 8. When French were Austro-Russians fighting, The latter here gave them a beating. James Whittaker. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. Co. - *** For answers to Puzzler in No. 50. please see preceding page.