THE RIDDLER.
1. CURTAILMENT. Over the world laughs tho moonlight, Yet over my heart there is gloom Like that which wraps me here in the night Of my sad, drear, darkened room. I doubt, and 1 ponder and dream ; I hope, tho' a hard fate defies, For comes first my vision tho gleam Of my darling's, my darling's dear еуез. I feel she stands here at my side, As light as a bird's is her pose ; She is dressed in the gown of a bride, Red glows at her bosom a rose. Sweet her mouth, her lips smile so fair, While blushes in soft cheeks arise. On me, from beneath flowing hair, Gleams the light ef my darling's dear eyes. Ah ! could last bnt hope in my heart To win her, I'd lovo her for aye ; For ever my gloom would depart, As light before dawning of day ; For trouble would fade as a dream, And smiles would replace the world's sighs, If 'mid them I caught but the gleam Of my darling's, my darling's dear eyes. Alfrľd D.utNLa, Fulham. CHARADE. My first's an insect busy and small, 1 hat's surely known to one and all ; Part of a wheel you'll find in second, It the answer is rightly reckoned. Combine the two and bring to view An Irish town, well known to you. Alfred Barnes, Fulham. DIAMOND PUZZLI!. Ny first will be a consonant, Nor far you'll have to go Before you come upon it, In the alphabet you know. If you are of the male sex, My second you must be, Bat my third will be a female, Perhaps one that's dear to thee. Now, if you own some article, Please substitute for "own" A word of the same meaning ; Now don't begin to groan. For if you will have patience, You will find all things clear, So pluck up heart, and try again, Nor lot your courage veer. My fifth is what small boys dread A servant of tho law, My sixth describes a blunder Made by an " Editaw." If by rail you go a journey, You'll find your treasures gone, I you do not have a seventh Your luggage pasted on. My eighth will keep your spirits up (Refreshing beverage ) ! My last will bo a vowel, As shown by teachers sage. My central«, if read down aright, Will quickly bring to view An officer of justice ; (And of injustice, too). W. E. T.