THE PUZZLER. 628.—CHARADES.
. 1.—Last Christmas, I to Uncle John's, With Cousin William, went, And a most pleasant month indeed We there together spent. We hunted with the county hounds, Got innumerable falls ; Had dancing to our heart's delight At some jolly Christmas balls. We had some first-rate shooting, too, For the game was well preserved ; And, indeed, the keeper, who carried my first, His guerdon well deserved. The birds were all so fat and plump, The most so I ever second : And for six days' shooting, Will and I Had ninety brace, we reokoned. We had skating on the Doona lake, And sleighing until it thawed, With the pretty Miss B. and the С girls, ; And Will's fair cousin, Maude. , We played agreat many indoor games In the evenings after tea ; And Will sang duets with the С girls, And I with the pretty Miss B. We had private theatricals also, Which were often enough rehearsed, And Will, as a " Christy," wore collare 'Bout the length of my last, reversed. And now, kind reader, can you tell The whole of this charade, Whieh Will and I and the C. girls So very often played Ρ R. W. Clarke. 2.— Of my first who hath not tasted ? Searching for't who hath not wasted Many a happy day ? Perhaps you found it by the sea— Perhaps upon the flowing lea, Or in the ball-room gay. And lips are apt to do my second, Though it is very wicked reckoned. And deem'd so as a rule ; Yet nothing can a kiss surpass When it is taken from a lass Who really is my whole. For 'tis the language of my first- Give eecond to it if you durst; For I will ever say : Gjve up kissing, give up living : •Tis but taking—'tis but giving Affection's gems away. W. W. Wells. 529.—ENIGMA. Ladies in masquerade, a friend behold. Steady in trust, yet secrete could unfold. My post maintain, nor fear a thievish band, % Being still obedient to your strict command. When passing bells for prayer aloud proclaim, All ranks of men alike revere my name, And heads uncover as they pass me by, Convinced I am senseless of their courtesy. By me the huntsman draws his prancing steed Confines the longings of his yelping breed ; Mints, banks, and riches of our kingdom are Committed to my trust and cautious care. In dreary prisons, too, I may be found, Composed strong, and force ungrateful found ; Where billet-doux oft crowd around my face, You'd judge I'm come of a superior race. There gaudy trappings on my front appear, To alarm domestics when a message's near. Down from the palace to the meanest cot, If I'm unhinged, I ne'er repine my lot. Oswald Bell. 530.—ARITHMETICAL PUZZLES. , 1,— 'From nothing take away one-half, To which you fifty fix ; Then nothing you must rightly add, And then the number six. To this you add one-fifth of seven, And then you take a glance At one who reigned in four, nine, six Supreme o'er sunny France. One hundred now you must subtract, And half a dozen more— By reading then from right to left, You wiU the sun explore. Joet Brown. 2,— With prudence great to five-score add '* What sightless men must see ; Then hundreds five and units one To them must added be. Without mistake add five-score more, And one and fifty, too ; And then a something added You'll see brought mto view. Thomas Hutchinson. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 125. V For answers to Puzzler in No. 113, please see preceding page.