1.-CHARADE. In the year of our Lord, eighteen seventy- four, sirs, Pat Murphy, of Clare, and Tim Snooks, of the same, Determined that in a balloon they'd explore, sirs, The whole of the world, and thus gain a great name. So the monster was made, and inflated with third, sirs, And then of provisions a stock they laid in : A pig, and a parrot, who spoke not a word, sirs, Second dog and a cat which created a din.
f h . When all was prepared, through the clouds soon thoy soared, sirs, And Paddy declared that he felt quite a hero ; But Tim at the bottom of fourth lay and roaťecl, sirs, " He wanted hia Mar," for his pluck was at zero. They hovered at length o'er the mighty Atlantic, But o'er tho balloon they had now löst command, And Paddy announced in a voice nearly frantic, The terrible fact—they had forgotten the sand. As fast the balloon to the sea was descending, Tim, ./irsi with fright, yelled, " Britons ne'er shall be slavas ; So out goes the pig 5" and its cries were heart¬ rending, As to "DäVy Jones' locker " it went through the waves. But third was escaping, and 'twas of no use, sirs, So out went the Thomas eat, singing " Mol- row ;" Then parrot and dog followed fäst, to the deuce, sirs, And náugh't but the poor aiironâuts re¬ mained now. Then suddenly shifted the wind with a roar, sirs, And blew them three thousand leagues over the sea ; And soon they arrived at my whole's distant shore, sirs, And gracefully dropped on the top of a tree. There they settled down and took three hundred wives, sirs, (Of the " Salvation Army " I'm one, in good sooth) ; Therefore when I state that they lived happy lives, sirs, That fact will convince you I'm telling the truth. --------- J. Nash. 2.—ENIGMA. There are limbs now possessed by the crea¬ ture called man That seemed to be formed on a Curious plan, They are ugly and shapely, they are short they are long·, They are fat, they are lean, they are weak, they are strong, They are useful and useless, and quite often used, By men who, when drunk, havo their S3rvice abused ; They assist all your journeys throrgh s ír and through moor, They are used by the wealthy, tho great, and the poor. They are often used in rough hostile actions, And some by their aid have assisted good actions. They obey their possessor yet need no com¬ manding, Though possessed of no »ease they form man's Understanding. ----------J. Kennedy. 3.—MONOPHONE. First, is called the staff Of life, Though it's often badly done; So look for a well-next wife, Find her and a prize you've won. ---------A. Hunter. 4.—DECAPITATION. A well-dressed young man is my whole; A masher, folks call him in fun, If kindly you'll take off his poll, He'll tell you how work should be done. A. Hunter. iktfSwerätö bast Wesiťš KMdles. 1. Sparrow. 2. OPAL PARE ARMS L ESS