THE PUZZLER. 541.—THREE PRIZE CHARADES. Вт T. O'Flanaoan.
1.— I» this world of ohanging seasons, Many a rise and fall eome round ; Some come downward, wildly crashing, Some spring upward with a bound. Rich and poor, and first and peasant, Meet vicissitudes immense— Meet with joys and pains and sorrows, Make new gods of pounds and pence ; Make new idols unto Mammon, Show a next of rarest kind, Trample down the finer feelings, And the nobler thoughts of miad. „,, Oh ! this is a world where clashetli Next with next for wealth or fame ; From Greenland to the Саре or Sydney, Over all 'tis still the same. On the 'Change, where men the keenest Deal in Consols aud in gold, There the next'e in full perfection When the bonds are bought and sold. Yes ; the next's a common fashion, So is whole. 'Twas lately seen, Ere the French and Germans struggled, Reddening many á lovely stream. If our social life were nobler— Were there less of next or whole— Were our hopes and fears less selfish— Would each heed his prompting soul— Oh ! our world were then an Eden : War and strife would surely cease. And with little next or total, All our lives were spent in peace. 2.— Young Edmund was a noble youth, And full of true and peerless soul ; The bravest of the brave was he, Of Britain's king he was α whole ; And, all unknown to love and fame, Had passed his first in quiet mood, Tux, fierce with wreaking sword and flame, The foe with blood the land imbrued. His spirit panted for the fight : He ill could brook his country's tears; He marshalled all the last, and bright Their lances glittered, and their spears. He marshalled all the whole, and he, On prancing steed, the banner bore ; While at his side the monarch rode, And deftly mail and helmet bore. The foe appear in savage guise : They halt not, but to battle run ; And soon each soldier bravely plies His weapon 'neath that burning sun ; And boldly through that bloody fight The monarch led his valiant force ; And bravely Edmund, by his side, The banner waved o'er many a corse. Hurrah ! hurrah ! the battle's won ! The savage foe is made to yield; Yet many α first of whole has run Its course out on that bloody field ; And long may whole the monarch next, And long may Vict'ry spread her wings Around the swords that wave for Right— The Right that peace and comfort brings t 3.—The waves rolled high, the winds roared loud, The earth was wrapped in sablest shroud, Save when the lightning's flash gleamed bright Athwart the darkness of the night. The crowds on shore—strong men and rude— That awful war of tempests viewed ; And, frightened at the lightning's glare, They humbly bowed themselves in prayer. And girls and aged matrons wept. As fiercer grew, and wilder swept The raging storm o'er sea and land— " The work of an Almighty Hand." Hush ! hark! Those fearful sheets of lightning mark Yon struggling, driving, reeling bark ! But oh ! no power on earth can save That ship and crew from ocean grave ! Adown they go. The storms abate. The anxious crowd for daylight wait, And as the dawn illumes the strand, Thu first is cast upon the sand. The cry is raised and borne around : ," She was the * Jtagle,' homeward bound I" " The ' Eagle' ?" wails α woman's cry. "My next—my next ! Oh, Heaven ! I die !" Her next was cast upon the beach, And for him stalwart arms reach : He clasps the whole with death's embrace, And death is written on Ыз face. Witbin a churchyard, ten new graves Are filled with victime from the waves ; And she who wept her next that night Has lost since then her reason's light. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 129. *** For answers to Puzzler in No. 117, please see preceding page.