THE PUZZLER. 525.—RIDDLE.
While musing Ъу a crystal stream That on through Cornwall's ever flowing*, I saw the sun, with golden beam, A radiance o'er its watere throwing— I saw the rainbow's lovely mark, That as a token first was given, ' That man no more might build an ark To be by storm and deluge driven— I saw the rainbow's tinted form Rest in the centre of that river ; And though a sign of coming storm, I lingered there to praise the Giver } , And as I gazed upon the scone, ! Hy bosom throbbed with glad emotion, For I beheld an island green, Drenched by the foam of Northern Ocean. J. A. Smith. 526.—ENIGMAS. 1.—There are elegant things in this world of ours t The warbling birds, and the beautiful flowers— The tiniest blade that adorns the lea— The gorgeous fruit on each laden tree- The mellowy hue of the rippling stream— The moon's sweet, silvery, soothing beam— . I am none of these—oh no, oh no, Although my form doth beauty show. There are curious things in this world of ourn » The palace grand and the monster towers— The shingled hut on the sea-beach wild— The stalwart knight and the toddling child— The turret Leviathan cleaving the wave— Bastiles where a thousand convicts rave- Am I part of these ?—oh yes, oh yes— What part I am you are left to guess. There are numerous things in this world of ours, That differ as wildly as saints and giaours : The galleried marts where Mammon reigns— The sterile, uncultivated plains— The halls whence the seats of learning spread— The catacombed vaults with their piles of dead— I am part of these—oh yes, oh yes— What part I am is for you to guess. Things vary in length in this world of guile : Some are only an inch, some many a mile j In breadth some are leagues, some scarcely are nails, Some made by chickens, but never by whales- Some made by the prancing, neighing steed— Some made in the hall, court, hill, or mead- Such a thing am I—oh yes, oh yes, And now what I am you'll easily guess. T. O'Flanaöa», 2,—1. On the face and the hands of the fairest- Yea, eveu on the face of a queen, Though gilded with jewels the rarest— My unwelcome form is oft seen. 2, Again, I am seen by the ocean, And the billows against me are thrown ; But for ages, with stalwart devotion, I've been gallantly keeping my own. 3. Again, I'm a famed little digger, rNeath the ground my vocation I ply ; Though my colonr is black as a nigger, A neat little fellow am I. 4. Though under the ground I've my dwelling, Above it you'll see me as well ; To old and to young I am telling Where many a brave hero fell. Wm. Aitken (Som). 527.-DOUBLE ACROSTICS. 1.— Would you surprised be If I were to tell you he Whose name the first and finals will display, When read in order down, Is a riddler of renown, Whose puzzles oft appear in the G. J. t Grief causes one and two, As will be owned by you ; And the third one is a fight the English won ; A town the fourth one shows, Which perhaps my reader kuows, For 'tis a town in England, sure's a gun ; And then a foreign lake For the fifth one you must take ; To be kept from what is sixth we often pray j The town the last will show Is an Irish one, I know ; And at present that is all I've got to say. Jas. Whittakee. 2,— With many a star, so neat and small, s This snowy flower decks the wall, (And sweetly scents the evening air With odour delicate and rare. John hurries down the garden-walk, Quickly plucks this from the stalk, ) And with glee presents the prize To Miss R. Scott's approving eyes. 1. This hideous brute you may have seen; 2. This Italian river you'll find, I ween. 8. To be deprived of these, who would not rue ? 4. To solve my puzzle this must you do. 6. Reversed, curtailed, you'll find it on the sea; 6. A bird of the ostrich kiud you will find me. 7. A king of England who reigned in time of old, Whose noble deeds historians oft have told. C. E. Keilt. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 124. %* For answers to Puzzler in No. 112, please see preceding page,