THE RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE METAGRAMS. the first letter of a word to form another word, expressed (in the narrative.) (To a Schoolfellow.)
i,-Dost call to mind those pleasant days When 'neath the college walls we stood, When Mentor and his master-fays Besieged our minds with classic food ? When Caesar owned a magic power (Which ne'er he swayed o'er Roman arms) To make our happy features lower And fill our hearts with dire alarms ? When Hannibal no hero seemed. And Virgil but a troublous bore ? When Euclid half a muff we deemed And smiled at all the gods of yore P When algebraic symbols dim In will were oft consigned to dust P When Smith appeared a tyrant grim, And Rutherford inspired disgust? Dost call to mind how Morris loomed Historical upon our sight ? How Shakespeare many a loafer doomed To drill detention late at night ? How oft we scribbled various "lines." The cost of many a heedless speech, And formulated vast designs Of sweet revenge-which ne'er could reach. Dost call to mind how Mentor's joke Would oft convulse the listening school? The master whose all-powerful yoke Was yet a firm and gentle rule, How would the vaulted schoolroom ring With loud applause when he appeared, Who reigned the scholars' petted king, The friend of all, more loved than feared. From Tertius' ever caustic tongue Fell strong sarcasms to our share; Full loudly should his praise be sung, And each his virtues might declare. How fit his punishments for those Whose heedless actions raised his ire- He laid his ruler to repose, And seared them with ironic fire. Dost call to mind the many jeers Which fell from " Nero's" bitter lips, And struck upon our listening ears, And tingled to our finger-tips ? 'Tis past-the tales that I could tell Could never bring those days again; The facts must in your memory dwell, Or my remembrance is in vain. HERCULES. (With profuse apologies to J. W. Sewll.) 2--Oh, I am a scourge of the sea, Ha, ha I A worse one there never could be, Ha, ha ! I've waded in " bleed," A fact, sirs, indeed, And slaughtered some hundreds with glee, Ha, hal I've slaughtered some hundreds with glee. I care not for age, nor the sex, Ha, ha I Bat knock 'em all over the decks, Ha. ha I don't care a jot, But nab all the lot, And string 'em all up by their necks, Ha, ha I I string 'em all up by their necks. I'm boss of a jovial crew. Ha, ha Who always have something to do, Ha, ha ! When I give 'em the tip To scuttle a ship, They stick to my orders like glue, Ha, ha l They stick to my orders like glue. I fling all my victims below, Ha, ha l Down by where the sponges all grow, Ha, ha ! And another, named Jones, Collects all their bones, And treasures them up in a row, Ha, hal And treasures them up in a row. Yes, I am a buccaneer bold, Ha, ha I But that you don't want to be told, Ha, hal For I am a chap Who caught Fame on the nap, My motto is " Beauty and Gold." Ha, ha ! My motto is "Beauty and Gold." PAUL JocES, The Lugger, 3.-If fairy tales were true, And air-built castles real, Then I should be a queen All clad in golden sheen, And sorrows would be few And life would be ideal, If fairy tales were true, And air-built castles real. If dreams could but survive The morning's rude approach, Then I should not complain, For joyance would pertain, Since all my hopes would thrive, And pain would not encroach, If dreams could but survive The morning's rude approach. If poets were but made, And not, as men say, " born," Then I might stand a chance Of winning Musa's glance ; With wreaths of fame arrayed, All critiques I would scorn, If poets were but made, And not, as men say, "born." If longings were of use, And wishes were not vain, The " Tourney" maids to me Would send their greetings free; Perchance they might induce My soul new faith to gain, If longings were of use, And wishes were not vain. FLOSSIE. "Ssinks the sun so slowly, rainbow radiance throwing, ipping low and lower o'er the purple sea. ,iserald and amethyst, gay reflections, glowing 1rigltter, then more faintly, fading lingeringly. dVenlng mists are rising, skies are greymr growing, And the waves are sighing tenderly to me, "Ieet, Ol heart, world weary; hope is not dead for theel" LIcsAN DOUGLAS. TRANSPOSITION,. lTranspone the letters in a word to form another word) 5.--If you an English town transpose, 'Twill surely then a gem disclose. H, A,, Tottenham,
CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of aword, leaving another wordJ 6.-To drink i toast I make my boast, And do it well and hearty, With all who sing inside the ring Of " Tourney's" jovial party; So, drawing near the season dear Of many things suggestive, Let us unite to quit the fight For Christmas greeting festive. Let's drink to, then, our man of men, Our genius long presiding, For whom we cheer throughout the year, And in him we're confiding. Oh, may he grant the thing we want, And do it as we ask it; That is, to raise a Christmas blaze With-the waste-paper basket I And to our queen, whose name has been The theme of every writer; Who smiles around the " Tourney " ground, And every look is brighter; Let others rove from those they love, For dolce for niento, But we'll go bail, though themes may fail, Of subjects she'll have plenty. To Marion, late our queen of state, I would my greetings tender, And hope that joy without alloy She never may surrender; In mirthful soul we'll fill the bowl, With three times three a-ringing; And with one voice we shall rejoice For her who led the singing. To V. D. T., kind friend to me, Whose light without a shade is; To Rita gay, and MIiriam Gray, And each and all the ladies; To all the bards, the sprightly " cards," Who blushing bear their honours; To those who dare to boldly bear " Faith-Truth" upon their banners ; To those jocose and adipose, And long, and short, and frail ones; To all who be of Y. F. P., Good fellows all, and hale ones ; To sisters, ieres, and brothers, prres, Each second of the nation. Your hands we clasp with bear-like grasp, And cordial salutation. Of those who are from " Tourney" far Shall we be e'er forgetful ? No; for we think of each lost link, And pine with thoughts regretful; And we now reach our hands to each, Though far they be before us, With hope that all, whate'er befall, Will join the hearty chorus. Who love us most will drink each toast, My comrades fresh and frisky; And none the less with great success, Though drank with Adam's whisky. So, comrades mine, with " auld lang syne" Let us all first our greeting; And last of all, success we call To our next Christmas meeting. IVANHOE, Belfast. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 7.-Although not brothers, yet in name These riddlers two are quite the same; And in the " T." There's none we see Who are more worthy of their fame. Cross Words. A German town you may have seen In pictures not so long ago, Wrapped in large flames by kerosene, Then clean put out by fall of snow. A pretty female name is here; Transposed, a pathway now is near. My third and fourth are palindromes, And seldom wander from their homes. Perhaps, when reading at your club, Old Jack comes up to say Your fees pay lifth, and then a snub- See there, he is away. My sixth and seventh they here express Two palindromic named, which guess; The former soundeth sweet and clear, The latter ruled a new-born year. Trace in my last an aged monk Who lived in olden times gone by On mellow port and custard pie. H. J. W. OSSORD AND C. F. BLACKBURN. NARRATIVE META-OMIEGRAMS. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) (After Tom Moore.) 8.-Methought I'd pen a verse one night Wherein my talents, which some slight, Should then be hid not-should then be hid not; I meant, though Musa, fickle maid, Would grant me not the slightest aid, To write, but did not-to write, but did not! Methought I in the proper way Would kiss a maiden fair one day, For me she chid not-for me she chid not; I meant, when Jack, her lover, came, And tried his best my head to maim, 'lo kiss, but did not-to kiss, but did not 1 Methought I would attend a sale; I did, and bought-oh, sad the tale- A suit, though bid not-a suit, though bid not; I meant, when at a ball that suit Split from my head down to each boot, To waltz, but did not-to waltz, but did not! THEOPHILUS POTTS, B, 9.--The day, that came in all dull and wet, Is dull and wet at its wane; And I sit alone by my fireside yet, And list to the beat of the rain, To the soft, low patter of rain Against my window.pane; And my heart is full of a sad regret That yet is not all of pain. The firelight flicker lights up the room, And gleams on the curtains red; But away in the corners lie places of gloom, Like my heart with its hopes that are dead, My heart with its longings dead, With its tenderest thoughts unsaid; But the future seems bright, though far distant it loom, And the past is a book that is read. Jacr. CHARADE. (Fornmed on a word each syllabhle of whlh is a word.) 10.-A busy insect first annex, Then take a preposition; And then a pronoun, riddling friends, Place in the next position. For last an exclamation take ; The four together place, And in " The Tempest" of Shakespeare A character you'll trace. E. W. SaCaVEL, Lee Green.
NARRATIVE DUA-PRECE-OMEGRAM. (Change the first two and last letter but one of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) 11.-Beyond the City's endless whirl, Where zephyrs bear at fitful will The scent from many a transient flower, Upon some bank by purling rill, I love to meditate until Has come the fleeting ev'ning hour, Beyond the City's endless whirl. Beyond the City's endless whirl I met a maiden all demure, With eyes of true celestial blue, And lips which seemed to me adjure A stolen kiss to bold procure. Could I aught else but do, Beyond the City's endless whirl? Beyond the City's endless whirl I wander oft where all is still, And meet that maid with Cupid's power Upon some bank by purling rill; We love in peace to linger till Has come the fleeting ev'ning hour. Beyond the City's endless whirl. J. STOCKs, Lambeth. META-DOUBLE OMEGRAM. (Change the first and last two letters of a word to form another word.) 12.-Proclaim ye the tidings o'er valley and plain, Amid all inhabited regions; Despatch ye the news in a tuneful refrain To all the poetical legions. The "Tournament" riddlers first blithely rejoice, Extending a welcome as last with one voice, To the band in formation by mutual choice, Beneath the majestical ban. So lustily cry A welcome on high, " All hail to the Islington Clan I" May the clan still exist as the ages roll on, Their star of success ne'er declining; To the " Tourney " contributing many a con., True friendships more firmer combining. Then write, O ye bards, and great honours acquire; Attain ye the height to which all should aspire; Instil in your riddles poetical fire- If you will but endeavour, you can; Then we as reward Will shout with accord, "Hurrah for the Islington Clan 1" E. W. GEORGE, Lambeth Clan. DOUBLE OIEGRAMr. (Change the two last letters of a word to form another word.) 13.-Hail, strangers I will ye a warm welcome extend To the undersigned riddler, who once was a friend Of your "Tournament" gay, though 'tis some years ago Since I figured in Young Folks. And why is it so P First Coulson, and Myers, and Bernard de Bear, Marion Taylor of B3irkenhead, queen of the fair, Next a host of old riddlers, who long since have fled From the lists of the " Tourney "-I trust they're not dead. Not one of them in this week's issue is seen, But, riddlers, we'll e'en keep their memory green; Perchance we may yet see a con. from a hand Who once held first place in our famed riddling band. Then tender a welcome to one of their number, It may chance to awaken them out of their slumber; And our Editor's heart and his files would with glee Dance a jig to this tune of your poor P. E. P. NARRATIVE DOUBLE OMEGRAM. (Change the two last letters of a word to form another word, ex- pressed In the narrative.) 14.-Beneath the boughs of a giant oak There stood a youth and maiden fair; In trembling tones the young man spoke, Betraying sadness and despair. The maiden's eyes were filled with tears, Troubled her thoughts and sad her heart; Since childhood they had loved, for years, Now Fate decreed that they should part. H. A., Tottenham. MONO PHONE. (Words of different meanln. but the same in sound.) 15.-I am very happy up amongst the stars, I'm possessor of a comfortable planet; I can practise boxing when I please with Mars- Frequently I wish I never had begun it. I can flirt with sweet Miss Venus when I choose, It's a pastime that I often find diverting; When 'tis hopeless to attempt to woo the muse, Then I while away my leisure time in flirting. In the planet that I call my "home, sweet home," I am making preparations for a party; And if any of you care up first to roam, I'll be pleased to give you greeting, free and hearty. If you're not prepared to disimburse your rent, Here's your chance-if sensible, you will not miss it; And suppose your money somehow has been spent, All you have to do is come here on a visit. You could also make acquaintance with some maids- They are positively light and airy creatures; And ye mortals on last hearts would make sad raids- They'd be head o'er heels in love with your strange features. But, alas I slack! I now must stroll away, With sweet Venus I have made an assignation; And I cannot, though I'd wish to, longer stay, Or my hair will suffer grievous devastation. M OONRAKER, ARITHMOREMS. (An aorostic. Theletters of cross words that are Roman numerals expressed in Ifiures.) Foundation (Word. 16.-The name ot a lady riddler In primals you soon will see; But now, alas ! she is absent From her place in the dear old " T." Cross Words. 1,550 and ea A decoration. 101 ,, afar A foreign nation. 50 ,, orgy Akin to fame. 101 ,, rage A lady's name. 502 ,, to Bereft of brains. 500 ,, ne No more remains. JESSIE ADAIR, Foundation IWord. 17.-A knight of fame, Both brave and bold; You'll find his name In primaols told. Cross Words. 1,001 and gea A likeness means. 6 ,, we Relates to scenes. 151 ,, ea A pretty name. 101 ,, eone A maid of fame. 500 ,, rarehew A "Tourney" knight. 55 ,, os Cricketer's delight. 501 ,, rote A friend, this light. MAUDSm DOUGLAS. IETAGRAM. (Changen the first letter of a word to form another word.) 18.-" What is the first, please, sir P" she said, This little maid so fair. "Next," he said, as he stooped down And smoothed her curly hair. NoRAs M. TWoMET.
NARRATIVE MONOPHONES. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound, expresseo in the narrative.) 19.-Sir Christopher Cold was a knight of old, In the days when John was king; His armour was plated with (three carat) gold, And he wore on his hand a ring; And he wore a nose turned up to the skies, And a beautiful head of red hair; And his jaws they were death on " warden pies "- And the birds sang everywhere. Now, Sir Christopher was a gallant man, And he swore by his ladye's (green) eyes That never since this great world began Were deeds of such high emprise Accomplished by man as he would do; And that swore was a mighty swear, By the sky so green and the grass so blue- And the birds sang everywhere. But Sir Christopher reckoned without his host, For he roved in a far countrie, And there one night he met a ghost, And this ghost said unto he: " Now down on thy knees, thou hardware man, I'll give thee time for a prayer I" But Sir Christopher he just cut and ran- And the birds sang everywhere. "Now, jigger me tight!" said this spirit gay; " Now, jigger me limb from limb ; But this hardware man has run away, And, gadzooks! I'm after him." Beneath the knight's spine he planted his toes, And Sir Chris fell forward right there, And ploughed up the ground with his ruby nose- And the birds sang everywhere. JAcK. 20.-Oh, lords of Puzzledom, Behold, I come to stay Within this ring, Once more to sing Your sorrows all away; A welcome tend to me, A welcome pure as gold, Full of delight To hear a knight Sing like the bards of old- The bold And trusty bards of old. Oh, lords of Puzzledom, Ye mighty men of fame, I've journeyed here With sword and spear, To win a gallant name; Then aid me all you can, Do not your hands withhold, For I will fight As did the bright, Gay troubadours of old- The bold, Gay troubadours of old. C. FARNconnE, Brighton. 21,-An inquiring disposition seeks to know the reason why The old bellman of a village has persistently to cry P He is not so full of sorrow or enchained with others' woes As to cause consistent moisture near the apex of his nose; Yet if he would be thought worthy of a medal made of leather, His cries must ring throughout the town, all heedless of the weather. Then, again, does this our" Tournament" possess a chap who knows Of a farmer using needles when about his farm he sows P And continuing my researches, here's a thing I'm puzzled at, Does a person "rise to order" when upon a pin he's sat ?P Though the point of that is p'r'aps concealed, there is an answer to it; A little deeper probing, and you'll say, " Of course; I knew it !" While upon this expedition, seeking knowledge in the "T.," Does the ocean wear gresen glasses to enable it to sea ? Speculating still more wildly-when a vessel's in the docks, Do the sailors sing Dox-ology in union or in f-locks? THIE RED DOMINO. DIAMOND PUZZLES. 22.-For first a consonant please trace; My second is a marshy place; Next is the end of anything; For fourth a boat from Venice bring; My jifth, you'll find, is a large bird; In next an insect seen and heard; For last a vowel you will view; It takes a place in my adieu. F. C. FOOTS. 23.-A consonant. Part of verb "to be." Part of the body. A large iAland. To frighten. A spirit. A con. sonant. VULCAN. SQUARE WORDS. 24.-My first word isn't very hard; 'Tis used by almost every bard. My second, pray, what can it be ? A palindromic name here see. My third an article unfold, Which never fails to keep its hold. C. F. BLACxeBUH AND T. JORDAN. TRIANGLE PUZZLE. 25.-My first is a city in Spain; my second,:wild birds' my third, a river; my fourlth, a metal; my fifth, part o0 your face; my sixth, two consonants; my last, a vowel. J. J. DENNETT, Widnes.