THE PUZZLER. 267.—LOGOGRIPH.
d e e ¬ A word expressing bitter hate My total will disclose : •Tis shared alike by small and great 'Twixt those who still are foes. But change the scene—takeoff my head, Δ lady comes to view j Δ sweeter name may ne'er be said Than this, if tales be true. Decapitate once more, and lo I Small insects now appear; Transpose, and this in French will show Whence daylight comes so clear. Restore, take off my head again, In winter now Pm seen ; In summer, too, I'm cooling when Your lips are parched, I ween. Beheaded yet, a pronoun's Ieft¬ in Prench this is, you'll find; Δ number's here, of it bereft Δ vowel comes to mind. My whole restore, yet me curtail, Transposed', then, I will name What we in justice cannot fail To designate a claim. Neil Δ. Maxwell. 268.—ANAGRAMS ON NAMES OP CELEBRATED NAVAL COMMANDERS. 1. Lol nation's hero. 2. Anger gone so. 8. Ahi flag drew him on or off. 4. Brief as this mirror, N. 6. Good will nor cold. β. Purer crept in. T. W. Chevelet. 269.—MENTAL HISTORICAL PICTURE. Upon a dull November morn, Before the sun announced the dawn, Two armies, warlike in array, Prepared themselves for deadly fray. Stay we beside the Christian host, No song is heard, no ribald toast ; But kneeling on the cold, damp sod, They supplicate the aid of God. A Swedish king the line surveys, Encouraging all by timely praise ; And as he goes, 'tis plain to trace The melancholy on his face ; And see the iron hand of care Had placed his icy Angers there. The lines are formed, the word is given, The morning air with shot is riven ; With stately front, and bearing frank, The king leads to the foremost rank, One moment gives to prayer, and then He presses forward with his men, And prodigies of valour he Performed to gain a victory. . The day is o'er, the fight is done— The vanquished from the carnage run ; The God of Hosts protects the right. And right again has conquered might. The fortune's on the Christians' side, Who from the field victorious ride. A victory bought, but dear the cost-r A battle won, a monarch lost : Their king, their counsellor, and friend, Has met with an untimely end ; And, dying, leaves an honoured name, Unspotted on the book of fame. The monarch's name you now may tell, The battle, too, at which he fell. G. T. Newburt. 270.-ENIGMA. 1. We are all servants of the human race- No man so poor but has us in his train : We bear his messages from place to place. And never ask a guerdon for our pain. 2. Each of us has his own appointed task, _ That only he can do (and he alone) ; And when 'tis done, 'twould be in vain to ask His longer stay. Lo ! straightway he is gone, And never more returns. We once obey, Bear once your errand heedless what it be ; Once we repeat whate'er you bid us say, And from that moment we're for ever free· Yet some of us to endless toil are bound- Are born in thraldom, and must so remain, Lab'ring incessant in the same old round, Till the fire bursts the bonds that us enchain. 2. We are drowned in deep streams of inky dye— 3. We're cased in metal moulded to our forms— We're under presses crushed, we're raised on high, 4. Exposed to all the rigour of the storms. And we must labour, used ill or well, One tale unvarying we must ever bear, Which we, to all who ask for it, must tell, Repeating it whene'er they choose to hear. The former tribe of us you cannot see : They are but voices speaking to the ear. The last are doomed in suffering to be Silent for ever ; but the forms appear 6. Before the vision. And a race there's yet Of our extraction different from these— Pree as the first when done the task they're set, But voiceless. One their forms an instant sees, And they're gone for ever. We are found The whole world over. Truly there's no man That never saw our shapes or heard our sound, Nor ever has been since the world begun. W. W. Jackson. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 49. %* Por answers to Puzzler in No. 89, please see preceding page.