THE PUZZLER.
497.-ANAGRAMS ON LIVING WRITERS. (Apropos the late rains.) 1.—· A FOREIGNER Now cannot err In wishing for α dry land ; The rain we get Is soaking wet In this, our little island. While rain-storms fall And clouds appal, This caution can't alarm, О : Sane overall, Stir not at all, Or a Swithvn's rain will harm, О ! 2.— On Sunday, rest with thankfulness j On Monday wash the clothes ; On Tuesday mend the tattered ones ; On Wednesday more repose. 3.— Oncb Pennsylvania was a wood- Its shores, with foliage dark, Beheld where, safe at anchor, rode The Pilgrim Fathers' bark. Sou've read how well its settlers strove; But when you read of Penn, You learnt a tale of desert life That few shall lead again. 4.— Brightly gleams the noonday sunshine On the helmets and the spears, As against the serried Roundheads Ride the charging Cavaliers. Faster ride they, spurring madly, Unexhausted nearer go, Till they dash, like surging billows, On the squadrons of the foe. 5,— A lovers' quarrel—angry words And quick recrimination, Neither party asking for Any explanation. Oh I part not lonely—one kind word Would remove the sorrow, Confidence and mutual trust Returning ere the morrow. 6,— I dreamed of deserts, feathery palms, And bubbling, moss-grown rills, That spread their cooling, limpid depths, Among the sandy hills. A camel shortly came in sight« Preceded by a man ; As pioneers they went before The Arab caravan. Staklet Bramall. 498. —HIDDEN WORDS. (Proverb of five words.) Three times a week I courted Ruth, And some weeks five or six ; And when I stole a kiss, she said : " No more of that, John Dicks I" I sat awhile, then tried again, And that time gave a smack ; And then she did in anger say : " Tou are too forward, Jack !'* Vexfc night I took her for a walk, And kissed her smack again ; " Go you to Bath at once I" she said ; " You are the worst *f men !" Andas we neared a hawthorn-bush, I took her by the hand ; So meekly did she take a seat, I thought none was so grand. I threw my arms around her neck, And kissed her o'er and o'er ; *' Pray do escort me home," said she ; " Then kiss me more and more !" Toey Brown. 499—DOUBLE ACROSTIC. My initials and finals, read downwards, will name Two gallant travellers well known to fame. My first's a pole set up as a mark ; Put down a farewell for second ; Of beef you'll find my third's a part} My fourth is teasing reckon'd. Fifth is the Latin for a lion ; And sixth it is a chance ; While seventh's a naval armament;) And eighth's an oblique glance. Now take my ninth or last, And a bird that sings put down ; It's always in the country seen, And often in the town. J. S. Penman. 500.—COMPOUND ANAGRAMS. 1.—Pardon is conveyed on 56 boats. 2.—Judge assize travels make 202 ruts. 3,—A seaman employs 51 oars. 4.—Warriors are punished with 551 sores. 5,—Ugly contortions have 1001 graces. 6.—The councillors took tea m Apr 1050. "Veda" (Crosby). The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 114. *** For answers to Puzzler in No. 102, please see preceding page.