THE PUZZLER.
28İ.-PICTORIAL EEBUS. 9. |l \WRKH0\> Ρ I I COSIC
285.—DOUBLE ACROSTIC. 'Tis scanned each month by anxious eyes Of those who hope they've gained a prize. This time in honours you have no place— Well, try again, there's no disgrace— And slow and steady wins the хасе. 1. He founded Borne : was her first king ; 2. It's like an ostrich and cannot sing. 3. A soldier's home when out on duty ; 4. When dressed in this she looks a beauty. 5. A water-snake called by this name ; 6. It glitters brightly on a well-born dame. 7. Girls when this look nice and neat ; 1 8. Most evils claim it for their seat. 1 9. He shines in the heaven with silvery belt ; 10. We hauled it in, and found a smelt. John S. Feast. 286.—HIDDEN TOWNS. 1. The Gentleman's Journal was a great source of pleasure to me while lying ill in bed. 2. We had over five numbers in our last monthly part of The Gentleman's Joubnal. 3. I gave drunken Thomas two numbers of The Gentleman's Joubnal. A. Seinslet. 287.—CHARADE. Away in the west, in the " land of the free," Where the banner of Freedom is flying, In a forest, reclined 'gainst the truak of a tree, A quadroon rested, wounded and. dying. The wind sang her dirge as it mournfully blew, And stirred up her long wavy tresses, And the sun lit her face with unnatural hue, As it shone through the vista'd recesses. She had fled from oppression that pierced her heart's core, For Liberty onward her beckoned ; But the fangs of my total her tender flesh tore, Assisted by those of my second. As my first trickled down from her side she did weep, For she felt herself lone and forsaken ; With a prayer on her lips she sank into a sleep— A sleep which no mortal can 'waken. A hunter who happened that way made her grave, And p' er it a willow-tree planted ; And tbľe settlers now say by the ghost of the slave Her last resting-place still is haunted. J. Scott. 288.—SQUARE ACROSTIC. 1. Little streams througjh this line flow ; 2. This a small animal, you must know. 3. A mixed metal, much resembling gold ; 4. Made of Turkish poppies, this is, I am told. 5. A species of sea-plant you will now assort ; 6. And this which means not long, but short. The marginals now will form a square, In which two names will each twice appear, That thro' " Facing the World " you must seek— You will find them mentioned every week. RiCHn. W. Clabke. 289.-ENIGMAS. 1.—Emblem of innocence and youth, Too soon I die away ; Pure and unspotted as the truth, Though of two falsehoods made. 2.—Formed long ago, yet made to-day ; Employed whilst others sleep ; What few would wish to give away, And none would wish to keep. Miss Bird. 290.—ANAGRAMS. 1. Fat reward. 2. One drum. 3. Red paper. 4. Lest I bud. 5. Sophy, I cry. 6. Set on a dish. 7. Fred, a fight. 8. Invest in ore. Miss Bird. 291.—ARITHMETICAL PUZZLE. To one-half of a strike Add two-thirds of a ton, Then a weight you will see, If'tis properly done. —. Quince. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 53. *** For answers to Puzzler in No. 43, please see preceding page.