IpDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE DUAGRAMS.
the frast two letters of a word to form another word, ax the rssed in the narrative.) "P patrick, you are with us once again, gar favoured as with one more welcome song, Sswelling through the "T." with glad refrain, gasgained a joyous welcome from our throng. love to greet the old friends of the past, yo esstheir hands in friendship firm and true, itt them we are faithful to the last, dd ready to afford them all their due. olo0gerdo you muse upon the moon, o rlet the fact of missing solitaires .nge your deep thoughts in misery and gloom, Filling your heart with many trying cares. Sdid I catch an eeho in your con. iatabreathed of girlish falseness and deceit; glad was I, sir lknight, to muse upon state of such contentment, pure and sweet. Ietlwould, for a while, in friendship chide yourself for wandering, oh, so oft away. 00you forget the " T." as seasons glide, or does it now no interest display ? sreyour ideas deserted you of late, dad left you in the depths of dark despair, moaurn upon your sad, unhappy fate, mad ake you madly pull out half your hair ? lthisis s so, then let me tell you why They have deserted you in ways unkind. yu did net seek their aid to help you fly gpto the highest range of thought and mind; ad much disliking thus to be despised, When you would fain have joieied our dear old" T.," ley had, in spite, a small revenge devised, and left you in astonishment, you see. lat woo them once again with gentle words, dad plead with the m in future to remain; them vibrate your Tournamental chords, And help you, as of old, to sing again. en will the riddlers hail with much delight yoar ready wit, and well-deserved success; oh gentle dame and noble, gallant knight, Will welcome our old comrade, Patriok'S. NELLIEc WATSON, Cheshunt. ere, 'mid their fellows, their sisters and brothers, World-ordered, dwelt in the black town of toil, ed, and, neighbour-like, feeling for others, On little family hard in life's moil. they, the children, at tea, wisely speaking, chatting as sweet mothered innocence may; " gand answering questions, and seeking, jlmpsing the night which is yet to them day. her's most busy, with neatness preparing mothing for father he'll relishing eat; she the children to meet him while staring ously after them far up the street. It is growing, and school's long since over, hautumnal winds dte their chubby cheeks red; ting their father," his kiss and toss over, strrsg, mighty toiler by little ones led ! a happy father, with home iuch is thine is! , with the salt beads of sweat on thy brow; from the perils where forge and where mine is, amur's most thine in the old days as now. of the steam-mills, the furnace's fury, ito him music are, hoarse, wild, and stern; ined and great in his moleskin, and sure he happy if only full fare be may earn. th the young wife a-sewing and list'ning elim, heavy tread of her man and her bairns; neth a cricket, the red fire is glist'ning, Sfull is her soul for her world's best concerns, children are coming back home sadly clinging- oer orphan bearers of tidings too ill: her, poor father's been hurt, and they'rehbringing- inghim home." How the woman's eyes fill ! -grown are her eyes, and her face the news blanches, o"God has knocked heavy and loud at her door 1" "ible sorrow no soft soothing stanches, eyare the real and the honestly "poor." eght they, six men tall and bearded, their litter, y and prone, a slain man at his work; in the torchlight, whose carrier's bitter, ghened, for tears in his fellow-eyes lurk. tIe the little ones. "Mother, my mother, of good cheer;" and their frail voices break. father's movin' I" God, help him get better, tier, and live for my poor children's sake I" they the dry stains away from him, eying estern.featured doctor in pitiful fear anoble fatherl the world's for thee sighing, o men such as thou art are unto it dear I V. D. T., Lancashire. The refulgent glare of the sinking sun Eeminds me that mny work is done; And so to ruminate profound seek the lone. deserted ground Of t"agsword Green, that hallowed spot Ifhereon at times 1'vo thought a lot. luow not why, yet when I'm here ly mind seems in a distant sphere; hile glorious themes course through my brain, nod whe they've come go out again. ghow not why, hut others might _iggest my hiad on thee was light, ecause mp head was like a sieve (But for that thought 1'll not forgive I). y spirit knows full well its strength, Aod, genius-like, fears not the length h Ynjust days, when critics swear hilosophy wes never tthere. deep within it slumbers yet, Bntl where it is I'll not forget, er when thle world has older grown, en shall an w to f e beho kldown. lt easo- ther bings m think of are yoolensid for ts moving star; ,W re~' suitd for-sy Jupiter, Sre I am ure tohey'd nke a stire As'-Ju'trierian, la told, de slarger aien than we behold, And so their brains much larger be- e reason why ti plin tose -buff." tlh yes, etch thought's ajeft de met, "fi~nni, and ever so! Thbe lchjy stare of a yellow moon $emand met I must go homo soon; utiiks, too, i have said enough, brain are plon ilg" blindman'r-buff" PnLANJx~ Mvuoo, I.O.W. ro DECAPITATION. ' the first letter of a word. leavin another word.) i4.Thl o lithin smetimes, you know, Will often lay a dwelling low. 2e is a place where lovers stray, And clilluren keeop their holiday. o fOmois veslel tis of old; wobdlots structure, we are told. C. F. BLAcKBuRs Ae D S. IACOAOIAxA. P,r , CHARADE. - -orfies wrto down a female name nor ectd und a weigL t; Combiunethe two, and to"1oroolaim Atoti ctotoik!y 'twill stalte,
NARRATIVE METAGRAMS. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) (To little Davy.) 6.-Oh, my dear beloved brother, my emotion I can't smother, As our much respected mother used to say when she was tight; I am perfectly elated, though of late I've been belated, And it also should be stated I've been feeling far from bright. As I write this in my leisure my old phizog beams with pleasure, For I've cooper in a measurd on the table close at hand And my jolly lads are singing, for with joy their hearts are ringing, As their hornpipes they are flinging, with a fiddler fora band. Yes, I made ma very irate when I swore I'd be a pirate; It was something to as-,.late, yet it filled her heart with dread; 'Twas the time she was a slavey, and I well remember, Davy, For she caught me with the gravy spoon and laid me out for dead. Since then, men frsro, I've roughed it, on the briny I have huffed it, And if mater hasn't snuffed it I should like to see her phiz ; I would fill her up with brandy, for I've lots of money handy, And you bet I'd cut the dandy, for I'm on a paying biz. At present I'm at Dover, where I act the jolly rover, And we've got the " Pigs in Clover" puzzle out upon the sea ; But at sea's not good news, is it? so I'll be a bit ex- plicit, And own that I ncan visiting the harbours of the When I used to wheel a barrow full o' vegetable marrow, You entrapped a little sparrow, which I nicked, and made you weep; But forgive me, dearest brother, for I'll bring to you a' other, Which will quite surpass the other, when I journey 'neath the deep. I will meet you where you mention, and there must be no dissention; Have the mermaids at attertion tilltheir master's fslre has passed. You had better not be hooking, for such tricks I can't be brooking, And I trust you're better-looking than when I observed you last. Farewell, then, for the present, and I hope you'll have a pleasant Day when walking down Fish Crescent with old Nep. tune's gals so dear. My hearties, pass the sherry, and our troubles soon we'll bury- Oh, there's no one half so merry as a full-blown bue. caneer PAUL JONES, The Lugger. 7.-Cuchullin, as kinsman and comrade I hail thee, As kinsman and comrade from Erin's fair land; May her Biusa so true and so fair never fail thee, Mayst thou always do bravely, the first in the band. There's a charm iu the name of thy beautiful island, A charm which full surely is not found elsewhere; NotEugland, nor Scotland, not Lowland, nor Highland, Have charms like old Erin, the rich and the fair. May (;walia and Erin through fair and foil weather Goe still hand in hand through the cattle of life; And I'll be thy comrade, we'll stand well together, Come friends or come foes in the "Tournament" strife. We meetas two cousins-stand shoulder to shoulder Through the sunshine and storm, through the battle and breeze; You're a champion of Erin, and who could be bolder And who be more true than your own HERCULES ? 8.-Tommy Babs, naughty boy, Enters shop of Mlister Joy; Looking round very hard, Asks if he has "pigeon's lard 1" Mister Joy looks at Babe, Eyes stuck out like a crab's; " Pigeon's lard I" he exclaimed ; Then an egg at Tom was aimed. Tommy ducked, egg flew past, On a cheese it left a cast; Mister Joy gives a yell, Tommy ran away pell.mell. Sad to state (though I grin), 'lommy trod on orange skin; Down he went like a shot, Down came Joy, burning hot. In his hand a monster knife, Intent upon poor Tommy's life. 'Bout a yard of Tommy thin, He trod upon some orange skin ; Down he went, broke his knife, Nearly lost his precious life. Babs got up, turned about, Off he went with joyful shout; Soon came back, went to .oy With cup in hand, says, "Here, old boy I" Joy looked up, face alnil scarred, Says, " What's that ?" "Pigeon's lard I" THEOPHILUS nIUDD, C.C.S. IETAGRAM. (Change the first latter of a word to form another word.) 9.-Of a timid bird please change head, A useful plant you find instead; Again change head-now, am I right ?- A delicious pudding comes to sight. BAsS, Chester. NARRATIVE META-OMEGRAM. (OChange the first and last letters of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) 10.-In vain do I struggle to write to-night, In vain do I puzzle my brain ; I heel ii a terrible plight to-night, I fear I shall soon be insane. I'm mad with the howls of the cats to-night, And the shrieks of an engine close by; Oh, would that I had some brickbats to-night, At those felines I'd quickly let fy I In vain for sweet MAusa I seek to-night, In vain do I ask for her aid; I've been on a con. since a week to-night- It ne'er will be sent, I'm afraid. My teeth are a.aching like mad to-night, I can'mt get the least bit of rest; In fact, I feel awfully sad to.night, And I yell in despair, "Well, I'm blest I" In vain do I "rave and I ramp" to-night, In vain do I tear out my hair; My fingers are numbed with the oramp to-night, I'll have to give up in deonvair. And so I'll skedaddle to bed to-night, Good goodness I 'tie twelve o'clck nowl Enough, too, I think I have said to-niglht, And the tom-cats are yelling " Me-ow I" MONO PHONE. (Words or dl[ltortnl meanina, hut the same in sould.) 11.-What is used to measure gas MIy thi't will surely show; All wh a write cons. for Y. F. P. Should atudy next, you know.
CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter froma the centre of a word to term anothera 12.-rve a word or two to say On a subject great to-day- Attend! Perhaps you may have heard You first safely on my word Depend. Objection I shall raise To a most uncalled-for craze, Most strong, For writing cons. per mile All "narrative " in style, And long. When Marion reigned as queen We all of us have seen In verse How she the craze denounced In language most pronounced And terse. Curtailments by the score, And onmegrams galore, And also ma,,y more We see; Decapitations long, Chal:rads in verses strong, All " narratives" in song Not wee. Now, I hiave thought it time, In this, our page of rhyme, It woull not be a crime To cnaugo this ceaseless chime. Now try; Don't ride this hobby horse (Of " narratives," of course,) To death, but just endorso Last word, and then remorse Will fly. MANDARIN. NARRATIVE DOUBLE CENTRAL CHANGE. (Tihe two Centail el.le.rs of i word are changed to form nlothur w ,rd, ixp essli inll 111st lit rr ive.) 13.-I once had a lover who vowed that he would Have laid down his life for me gladly; I never exp;ressed the least wish that he should 'I bus have proved his devotion so madly. One lay Syd's affection was put to the test, For a bhull gave as chase in a meadow; He tarned very pale, aud~it mtst be confessed- He left me to fiee it, and-fled, oh I I stood and I talked to that animal grim, As only a womn t can jabber; I earnestly tried to explain clear to him, Without any terrified bhltlber, Such arguments as I could call to my mind- For topics I wasn't too laggard; And really escaped, leaving only behind An animal utterly slaggered I But was not I right-I appeal to your views- When I met Syd., to catl hitm a bnll.y ? Yet he calhuly responded, " Well, that is no news; But a bidll.rsh wonlh answer more fully I" LLIIAN DOUGLAS AND S. DE BEAR. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. I(hange the first letter of a ord to tirm anotheor word, expressed in the narrative.t 14.-Methinks that I remember thee, Oh, Shamrock Kntghtl Thy voice so light and free, Oh, Shamrock Knight I Thy face I must have seen; Where, where could it have been? Not in Dublin toywn. I ween, Oh, Shamrock tinightl Ah, yes, I well remembth, Oh, Shamrock Knight! Some years since, in December, Oh, Shamrock Knight I With the dear old Y. F. P. There were portraits fair to see, And thine--there surely it must be, Oh, Shamrock Knight I NonAne M. TwoeEr, Cork, NARRATIVE OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word, ex. pressed in the narrative.) 15.-The mists clung o'er the hills this morn, Wrapping the earth in veil of grey, Pink-tinged where sunbeams tried to pierce And sweep the dull clouds far awa.y. But soon in greater strength our sun Shed his warm rays across the land, Kissing the sweet wild-flowers awake, While zephyrs light the blue mists fanned. Lo, they have gone I the orb of day Smiles down from soft blue skies serene; Trees toss an', sway in graceful play, The rivers dash with golden sheen,. With warm caress the sunshine falls Ott grey old towers and stately fane; Upon the peasant's humble cot, Upon the shady, pleasant lane. The fish are bounding through the deep, The brown birds sing their matin strain; The hum of busy life is heard, And man goes to his toil again. MIRIne GnRA. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, le:lvtllz anotlier word, expresseo in th0 larrative.) 3ALLADE OF YVTERAN CRICKEETES. 16.-There's good old Barrios; the seasons fleet, But " Billy " still makes runs galore, Stands to his crease with steady teet, And slogs to boundary many a four. And Hall, though somewhat of a bore, Is, as of old, the sure "stonewall" Who raises fieldsmen's thirst for gore-- Yet Gilbert Grace is king of all ! Under tic Red Rose banner meet The migbhty men of days of yore, Heroes of many a doughty feat, When stolen runs run up the score; l0oruby, reuowned in athletes' lore, Barlow, responsive to his call, And he, the veteran Scotchman hoar- Yet Gilbert Grace is king of all ! And old Tom Emmett's hard to beat, Though thirty years have passed, and more, Since first he bowled with youthful heat, And at his wides his comrades swore. When Ksntish cheers swell to a roar At Beckenham, for Noti.'s great fall, Then praises on Lord Harris pour- Yet Gilbert Grace is king of all I EsvoI. Critics, your oroakings pray give o'er, Not yet shall come the champion's fall; Though younger men to fame may soar, Yet Gilbert Grace is king of all I Jac. TRANSPOSITION. (TranasDoes the letters in a wort to form another word.l 17.--This is used by wit and fool, It the olt thatched countrr school. This ait night our wives of L do, When our pockets they go through. Thele, I'm eure, we all adore, At:d could relish many norse. This bread oft tastes at breakfast hour Joth CdiUgreeahle ad sour. Jy le riu iniisl.es in sizo, B't in its soudiung akole tbhe rioae, C., F, BsLhp1~A 45 'i1, Jor'.a.
ACROSTICS. (A word.or words, formed of the initial letters of other words) Foundoaion Word. 1S.-'Twas drawn in the primal, and promptly relieved Was I,'for my trouble was banished; I was minus my money, but did not feel grieved, For the pain had in company vanished. I suffered the torture a mouth (maybe less), But then could endure it no longer; Though fortitude's strong in my mind, I confess The ache of a tooth is much stronger. Cross Words. Ourfirst, we candidly confess, Is needful, To wealth some folks would you impress 'Tis speedful. You're requested to try To promptly supply The name of a " Tourney " composer, Whom we will acclaim Deserving of fame, But leave it to you to disclose her. For years he'd third to win her hand, And doubted not success; But when her life another planned He did confess, Just more or less, That all the women in the land Were fickle. The optical fourth is most easy to learn; The roasou you doubtless will promptly discern- Because you can quickly see through it. We here will endeavour to truly write down The field of a battle deserving renown. You say this is the finest cure For corns that e'er existed; I've greater pain, sir, to endure Since you your aid insisted. Our last is approaching conclusion (the truth we must o.udidly own), And so do essay To bid you " Good day," Though the time much too quickly has flown. II. OFoneD AND T. xGEORe. Foundation Word. 1i.-~Prietals will show A " Tourney " knight; His name you know In riddling fight. Cross Wfords. The animal was first, they said, Until it bit nwit some one's head; And then they, upon the third, Had it by its keepers last. IRON MIAS1. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation VWords. 20.-As soon as the publishing day had arrived, Our Jiants indulged in a caper, Bounoed into the shop with a skip and a hop, And, breathless, lie grabbed at ia paper; He threw duwn his penny and rushed away home i His apartment was reached in a minute; The paper he cut, and then scanned it all o'er To see if his story was in it. But 'twas not I Then a notice attracted his eye, That the primals for ever had ended, And a feature quite novel, instructive to all, Would commence the next week. So, offeuded, And hurt at his hopes being crusesod, thus he swore: "By my great-great.grandfather's earbuncle, I will be a writer I" and now, so they say, He's writing out tickets for " uncle" 1 Cross Words. I went with a parson of musical tastes To a place of amusement called second; He thought that thejirst was the best that he'd heard, But the acting was better, I reckoned. I asked if the play he had really enjoyed, He replied with a clerical " Third I 'Twas exceedingly good, both the music and play, And indeed afourthf fth, 'pou my word. Thou the scenery, too, was awfully grand- A painter of note was employed; But the sixth by that popul.rr seventh, I think, Was what I most fully enjoyed." Jo-Krre, Lambeth. HOUR-GLASS PUZZLE. 21.-People in /irst should never throw stones, So a wise proverb doth say; You should never do this when writing a con., If you do, 'twill spoil your fnlue lay. Jokers are always doing neit on a word, No matter wherever they be; For fourth a kind of weapon please find; F(fth a town-o'er the Border seek mie. Next is a pronoun, I'm sure you it know; A mineral with seoventh comes in sight; Eilhtlh s a number well known to oun; When this you can do'tis delight. It's not pleasant, I'm sure, when out, if it's this, I hope on that point you'll agree; Only recently I grew my last- The finest you ever did see. If you this hour-glass read straight down You'll find an actor of renown. F. E. HIND, Hull. DIAMOND PUZZLE. 22.--A consonant. An article of dross. An article in. dis,,ensable to our journal. A number. A letter in " Tourney." C. BATES. A.------