THE RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENTS.
ap the final letter ofd word,hleaving another word, expressed .Tbe sun is glinting brightly down upon the drooping trees, ;enly hear the humming of the busy heather bees t lit among the golden whin and through the heather afYusing for an instant in the sun's indulgent ray. moors are blushing brightly 'neath the touch of ey don their fairest, gayest garb at that fair dame's command. Summerd1 sweetest time of all, I wish that you could never yield your sceptre up to Autumn's dreary sway. raindrops patter softly down upon the sodden ground, red and yellow autumn leaves are lying all around; wind comes sweeping wildly past, then, ending in a eigh, die away in whispers, like a soothing lullaby. Smoors look dim and misty in the grey and dusky ight, darker clouds foregather up to hail the coming night. SAutmn, with your gloomy dress, and look of sad decoy, lope that you will leave us soon for Winter's icy away. b, Mary, dear, how can I end your fond, regretful strain, onrearnest wish for summer days to favour us again ? own they may be very nice, but this you have forgot, tesummer days are, as a rule, uncomfortably hot. on can't enjoy a ten-mile walk because, although it's sweet, Sceertainly are very soon wrapped up in-unaught but heat; so, e'en while I quite agree with everything you say, must coLfess I do not want to melt quite all away. torethe autumn's misty days, although they're very wet : ne charm wrapped in them quite atones for all that you regret; though I shiver ab the thought of winter's snow and ice, ei autumn rain, dear, makes" umbrella courtship " very nice I de'en 'mid winter's cold and gloom one ray of hope appears, tbanishes all thoughts of pain and gilds desponding fears; this that cheers the dreary time of bitter cold and snow, he blissful joys that rest beneath-a bunch of mistletoe i MARY H. MILLER AND NELLIE WiATSON. 2,.-Upon the esplanade at Ryde I stand and watch the flowing tide, The big ships steaming to and fro. The waves roll on the shore with low, Unceasing murmur; on the pier The strains of a good band I hear; I watch the people round the stand, Then take a walk upon the sand. The moon's obscured, I feel the breeze Is blowing coldly from the sea' ; Dark clouds are gath'riung in the sky, The wind begins to moan and sigh; Within the town the lamps are lit, And people homeward quickly flit; The town clock now is striking nine, And I think I'll return to mine. A. A. DYKES, Southampton. NARRATI VE DECAPI-CURTAILMENT. p the first and last letters from a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) riten amid the cries of my landlady's youngsters, after reading a Pantoam.) -Pair Luna casts her mantle o'er the scene, To cause grim darkness quick to pass away; Beholds at once what there before had been, And proves to all that night succeeds the day. * To cause grim darkness quick to pass away, The moon must shine as does a guinea new, And proves to all that night succeeds the day By showing people what is false ain't true. The moon must shine as does a guinea new Before we can observe a hidden slide; By showing people what is false ain't true, 'Tis found that what is narrow isn't wide. Before we can observe a hidden slide We must recline with legs up in the air; 'Tis found that what is narrow isn't wide, And if we said " Great Scott l" we shouldn't swear. We must recline with legs up in the air If we on orange-peel should chance to tread; dud if we said " Great Scott I" we shouldn't swear, Because it is a fact that blue ain't red. I Iwe on orange-peel should chance to tread, No doubt a somersault we'd quickly turn; Because it is a fact that blue ain't red, It doesn't say that spirits raw will burn. No doubt a sammer.sault we'd quickly turn When winter's flavourings are out of stock; It doesn't say that spirits raw will burn, And meanwhile make the eyes to roll and rook. When winter's flavourings are out of stock, Pair Luna caste her mantle o'er the scene; And meanwhile, though her eyes do roll and rock, Beholds at once what there before had been. TBEOPsoILUS POTTrs B. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. to the first letter of a word to form another word, expressed in the narralive.) t-Will you think of me sometimes, darling, In the bush of these autumn eves, When the flow'rs have deserted your garden, And the wind o'er their absence grieves P When the sun in the western distance Sinks down in a glow of gold, Will you think of the grand sky.glories We saw in the days of old P For memory wakes at the twilight, And we dream o'er the bygones again; So radiant are some of the visions, But others are dim with pain. And I have the past to remember, Though my love-dream is buried away; Yet some of its glamour and glory Shall brighten each lonely day. LILAN DoUGen&s, CURTAILMENT. broa the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) 5.'My ohole, so cheery, light, and warm, In winter time shines bright; Curtail for me, work well the charm, And a tree it brings to sight. PLrrro, Lincoln. er TRANSPOSITION. ainspose the letters in a word to form another word.) 1nd a slight vapour, you readers of the "T."; Pnsposo, I do implore-a contract now you see. BAns, Chester.
NARRATIVE BETAGRAMS. (0hange the second letter of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 7.-In Twinkleton dwelleth a maiden so fair, Whose beauty is truly perfection; She has a profusion of bright golden hair, And her teeth will defy close inspection. She owns to a "pater," is minus a "ma;" She possesses some wealthy relations; This last-mentioned item contributing far To encourage these lauding ovations. I first in an omnibus sat by her side, In love then became in a minute; My destiny promptly essayed to decide, But knew not the way to begin it. We parted, and I to my residence went, In hopes that again we should meet; My brains began puzzsling a way to invent To discover the name of her street. By success expeditious my search was endowed, Yet fate I was often npbraiding; Though oat late at night I was never allowed, I determined to go serenading. When night shades descended I sallied then forth; A banjo in safety I carried; At the house soon arrived, but descried, to my wrath, That the bridge at my dwelling had tarried. By reverses undaunted the palings I scaled, My love to speak sweetly besought her; A ballad essayed on my banjo, but failed, For it dropped in a tub of cold water. Her father came out, and with kindness sublime Assisted me on the same journey; I thought I was drowned, but recovered in time To compose these few lines for the " Tourney." E. W. GEORGE AND JO-KING, (Approach of quarter day.) 8.-" Jane, bring my hat and paper, quick ! By Jovel it's time I went"- A rat-tat-tat-Jane enters. "Sir, The landlord's called for rent." "Dear me How awkwardl Come here, Jane; Ask him to wait until- To-morrow. 'Nother knock I Well, Jane P" "The butcher's left his bill." "All right. My hat and paper-run I" Once more Jane trips away. "The baker, sir, has left this-he Was passing by to-day." " Gad zooks I My hat and paper-rush! " Comes Jane back on her toes: " The tailor's left this note, and says He hopes you like the clothes." " Great Scott I My hat and paper-fly I" A man walks up the path. "Here's Mister"-- " Hat and paper! Zounds l Let Mister go to Bath !" J. W. SEWELL. NARRATIVE CENTRAL CHANGE. (Ohange the central letter of a word to form another word, ex- Dressed in the narrative.) (To Monte Christo, Hades.) 9.-I read your effusion, my dear Monte Christo, Your ode-ious effusion in 982; And now, my dear imp, if you kindly will list, oh, I'll straightway address a few questions to you. You'll not be offended with one of the ladies For asking a frivolous question, I trow ? We know that polite are the gallants from Hades, And that ladies are curious all of you know. That " Ode to MKy Candle" is rather amusing, Although, as I say, sir, an odious affair; And also-though, Monteo, I'm far from abusing- A bit inconsistent, I'm bound to declare. For why, in the name of Mephisto and minions, Who live in a lurid profusion of light, Oh, why do you want in your fiery dominions A ha'penny candle to see how to write P And why, when you're seasoned with many a roasting, And fire doesn't hurt you, you pass so much through it, When round the small flame of a candle you're coasting, Oh, why should your nose be 5 asceptible to it ? Again, since your atmosphere's sulphur and powder, And down in the Underground City you dwell, Yes, wshy do you murmur, in tones growing louder, That candles extinguished offend with their smell P HEBE. ACROSTIC. (A word,or words, formed of the initial letters of other words,) Foundation Word. 10.-Smiling cheeks and dimpled face, Form of sweet and winning grace, Glances soft from deep-blue eyes, Where untold-of mischief lies. Little fingers pink and white, Here and there like gleams of light Tiny feet that steal away, Restless, busy all the day. Trusting heart, undoubting love, Omens of the life above; Happy, blithe, true.hearted, free, May you thus for ever be I Cross Words. A gallant knight my first will prove, Who does not nowadays with us move; And as I pen this light refrain I ask him to return again. Another faithful friend is here, For years to us he has been dear; Brave, true, and kind in war or peace, I trust his songs will never cease. A knight again in third I see, Who revels oft in mystery; But soon I hope to have the task Of taking off his puzzling mask. One of the maidens here behold, Who tales of pathos oft has told; Who flits from grave thoughts back to gay, And passes thus the time away. Another knight well known to fame, Whose musings ever are the same; I trust the " T." will never find My old friend fifth is left behind. Sisth is a gallant, firm and true, Whose witty verses not a few Have filled my spirit with delight. And often made my dark hours bright. Seventh is a grain, and eighth a fruit, Whose final taste myself doth suit. Ia., NARRATIVE DOUBLE OMEGRAM. (Change the two last letters era word to form another word. ex. pressed in the narrative.) 11.-" Give me a 'tanner,' please," said he- A beggar whom I chanced to see; The only reply he got from me Was " Some other time." A man was brought before the "beak:" The magistrate gave him a week Because a duck he tried to "sneak" From a friend of mine. A poet (P) to an ed. once went: On verses he much time had spent; That ed. behind him quickly sent A foot rather large. A window I one day did smash, Went into it with a loud crash; The owner roared, " Blockhead I Dash You, I'll make a charge " (He did.) F. E. HIoiDa, Hull,
NARRATIVE MONOPHONES. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound, expressed in IT the narrative.) 12.-The traveller reined his steed And gazed around, Where quite a wide expanse of flowery mead Lay in the setting sun's bright rays; And his all-ardent gaze Swept over field and gently-swelling mound Calm and serene, And his poetic soul Was stirred, as stirs the bass-drum's thunder-roll The noble charger's spleen. Just where the sun shone brightest there A stately mansion stood ; Before, a park well-ordered and most fair, Behind, a dark and frowning wood. The stranger's eye, Glistening with admiration, Gazed on its noble front and marble wall, Which, towered and turreted, encircled all ; Beauty and strength combined In lordly combination. And thus he cried in tones of poesy, "Oh, noble ball, What hast thou seen in days gone by, When English youth and chivalry Walked in thy court; when from thy turret tall Floated the banner of some gentle lord Of high degree; Some noble duke or earl, Whose fathers did the family flag unfurl And drew the blade to strike for king and home, While ladies fair Watched from those towers for their safe return, And prayed for those who would in battle dare A princely name to earn P This must be now the abode Of one whose name is writ in Britain's tome, Son of some noble, patriotio house. Perhaps those voiceless stones, If they might speak, could tell Full many a truthful tale Of love and war-of Cupid's spell, Or anguished lady's bitter wail over the loved onu's bones l" He stopped-an aged man Stood near, and gazed in some surprise (Thinking, perchance, he'd met With one just loose from Bedlam's net) Upon the traveller's working face and wildly rolling eyes, For he had heard his cries. "You're much mistaken, sir," he said; "No noble duke lived here-no lovelorn maid; No banner ever floated there-the place is new. And, to correct mistakes, be it known to you 'Tis meant with one of England's wants to cope- 'Tis there they manufacture yellow soap I" HERCU LES. 13.-In the terrace where we live It is anything but gay, Though the street musicians raise Fearful noises every day. But there's one especial crowd That we meet at every hand; Oh, we're haunt-d by the music of that band, Yes, we are, Oh, we're haunted by the music of that band. In our office, in the park, Or while walking in the street, Everywhere we seem to go, With that band we're sure to meet. Even in our troubled dreams We can hear the cornet sigh, " We will meet you in the sweet by-and-by, Yes, we will, We will meet you in the sweet by-and-by." They've been threatened with the gaol Sure a hundred times or more, And there's one or two old men Who are pining for their gore. When we started on this con. These musicians then did blare, " We will meet you on that shore over there, So we will, We will meet you on that shore over there." It is called the " Roaring Lion," And is famous by its name e; In truth, we're pretty certain It would a lion tame. But the "topper" of this band Is its set of seven drums; 'Twould nearly knock you crazy when it comes, So it would, 'Twould nearly knock you crazy when it comes. MELAN CROLY AND W. L. MIILLER. NARRATIVE META-OMEGRAM. (Ohange the first and last letters of a word to foterm another word, expressed In the narrative.) 14.-I said I thought the sky looked blue, And marked the beauty of the river; She laughed, and said she thought so, too, And then we were more quiet than ever. I felt my heart go pit-a-pat, And wondered at the noise'twas making; And though my outward self was calm, My inward self I know was quaking. The silence grew, my blood ran wild, She dropped the leaf her hands were twisting; Her eyes met mine in one long look- That sort of look there's no resisting. My pulses beat, all caution fled, I wondered how I could have missed her; She smiled, and then, by impulse led, I caught her in my arms and kissed her. Toss. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word In the narrative.eJ 15.-I would I could sing of a dear little darling Who'd captured my heart in exchange for her own; I'd warble all day, emulating a starling, If I were not doomed to live always alone. You may read of a bachelor's hatred of woman, And how he pretends to think naught of her charms; But just give him the chance-if the girl's not a ruin .un, It will not be long ere she's clasped in his arms. I've tried without ceasing to win a sweet creature To comfort in sorrow and join in my joy; Yet though I've tried often success ain't a feature-- One after atother my hopes they destroy. The last I attempted had roused expectations, And caused me to think I no further need roam; But when I proposed, she, with strong exclamations, Said, "Rubbish, dear boy; you had better go home I" So wretched am I that I've oft thought of sailing Across the wide ocean in search of a wife; But niggers, I'm told, show such haste in impaling- Ere I couldt explain they might finish my life. If I was but certain I should be respected, I'd try to enslave a nice blackamoor girl; Then surely, my friends, I would not be rejected, And some one would keep my moustaches in curl. Oh, Fad are tlheo times when "a proud son of Briton " Is seeking in vain to leave bachelorhood; The girls-without mercy-do nothing but " sit on" His hopes when he thinks they are likely and good. 1Oh, surely the fates will prevent me from leaving The land of my sires in this search for a mnid I I'm waiting, I'm weeping; oh, sadly I'm, grieviog. Oh, where is the maiden whomu I could pcrsuaide ? Fi'. Jonlson, MuancheLoser.
NARRATIVE TRIPLE CENTRAL CHANGE. (The three central letters of a word are changed, to forra another word, expressed in the narrative.) 16.-Long years ago, when all on earth Must wield a weapon, little worth Was placed in learning: in the age Of chivalry's unsullied page There yet existed men of thought, Who learning deeper bravely sought, And problems solved, while others wased On native soil or more abroad. Through generations, one by one, A problem still was left undone- A work defeating all who tried- A subject dwelt on far and wide, Of woman-inconsistency. And though men strived while years went on, While thousands back to dust had gone, While lands were found, discov'ries made, That problem's solving was delayed; While men to knowledge vast aspired, While nations opulence acquired, While men in regions distant went, On humanizing work intent, And yet, though wisdom spread each hour, That task evaded earthly power; Though men in legion thought and wrote To solve a problem so remote As woman-inconsistency. And so each year, and month, and day, Will linger and will pass away: The world will move its measured course, And students gain from wisdom's source; And still will thousands live and die, And no solution yet descry; The problem still will hold its own Against a world in knowledge known. And so, from far primeval age, Engrossing each succeeding sage, The subject baffles all who strive An explanation to derive Of woman-inconsistency. DoLCs FAR NIxNTa. DOUBLE ARITHMIOREM. (An aorostio. The letters of cross words th't are Roman ueueqrael expressed in lrgures.) Foundation Words. 17.-Two kinds of grain, 'Tis very plain, You'll find are here; Each are so good, They're used as food Both far and near. Cross Words. 1,100 and awe A foreign bird nist splendid, Which very harshly screams; 100 ,, har A structure that's suspended O'er many roads and streams. 1,006 ,, rope When being educated To third you must work hard. 1,000 ,, paza An opera celebrated, 'Tis known to knight and bardh 150 ,, tee My last is signifying To choose or to select. Now I will leave you trying The answer to detect. MANDARIN. ARITHMOREM. (An acrostic. Theletters of cross words that are IRoman numergle expressed in Maures.) Foundation Word, 18.-Prismals will give a riddling knight Who's often in the " Tourney "fight. Cross WVords. 12 and na A "Tourney" riddler bright. 101 ,, torpa A fruit this brings to sight. 101 ,, g A measure that is small. 50 ,, peap A fruit that's known to all. 56 ,, rob A new refreshing drink. 550 ,, o This ancient means, I think. 50 ,, panes A townin Italy. 551 ,, tnargon In Durham thts Will be. 501 ,, use Last now I say to thee. H. A. CHARADE. (Formed onl a word, oaoi sy.vllaltl of whioh Pi a word.) 19.-To solve this riddle, friend, sit down With dictionary in your hand; First take a word which means a lunip, And then Write down a piece of land ; When this is done, combine the two, And you'll a fearful slaughter view. E. W. SIuoRVEL, Lee Green. PYRAMIID PUZZLE. Founildation Word. 20.-Contral's a kind of plant, A useful one, you'll flind- Food for man and beast s Various is its kind. Cross Words. First a consonant will appear; A kind of drink in second's clear; Part of your body third will be; Fourth means crafty, you will see. H. E. EeoiIsu, Peterborough. DIAMOND PUZZLES. 21.-A consonant. A quantity. To assist. An island in the Mediterranean Sea. A county in Ireland. 4 playing card. A vowel. J. Hi. VIvrAN, Croydon. 22.-A consonant. A vehicle. A kind of boat. To plunder. A vehicle. C. BATEa.