THE LADIES' PAGE. " BEAUTIFUL FOR EVER."
THE love of man is a riddle, the learning of which has cost gray hairs on tender temples, the roses from many cheeks. It is our tradition that love makes or mars a woman's life; but it does not exert an equal though silent power over the lot of men. A woman m love is far more beautiful than one out of it, and this is true if the love lasts to threescore. Let women, if they would remain charming, keep by all means their hold on love, their faith in romance. The power of feeling gives vitality and interest to faces long after their first flush has passed ; for emotion has a livelier power over the blood than even the sun has, and the miracle of love in making many a plain girl pretty is to be referred to the stimulating effects of happiness on the circulation. If you would preserve any inspiration in your looks, beware how you re- press emotion. There may be pathos enough in the rendering of a poor little girl's song at the piano to stir tenderly chords of feeling that were growing dull for want of use. The rose of morn- ing, the perfume of spring, have rapt many a middle-aged woman away to divine regions of fancy, from which she came back with some of the dewy freshness and smell lingering about her. Youth has its day-long reveries while its hands are at work. Let no woman fall into the mistaken notion of preserving her beauty by refraining from emotion, for all she can keep by such costly pains will be the coffin-like shapeliness of flowers preserved in sand. Laugh, weep, rejoice, or suffer as life provides-only feel sometimes natural and worthy, and deep enough not to leave your faces a blank. There is a time between twenty-five and thirty-live when the struggle of life, mean or lofty as it may be, oppresses women sorely. Fret and care write crossing script on their faces, which grow yellow and pinched till they despair of comeliness again. This is when they are learning to live. Ten years or so make the lesson easy, and it is one of the tliankfullest things in the world to see such faces going back to the ahnond blossom and sunny sweetness of their spring. Many a woman is handsomer far at thirty-nine than she was at thirty. Nature responds wonderfully to the relief afforded her. The only counsel to be given is to let Nature go. Don't think, because trial has bent spirit and frame together, that they need stay so an hour after the heavy hand is off. If you feel inclined for singing, sing, not humming low, but joyful and clear as the larks, that would carol just as gayly at ninety, if larks lived so long, as the first summer they left their nests. Women need to cultivate pleasure and amusements far more after they are thirty than before it. They are twice as impressible then as they were in youth, if they know how to get hold of the right notes. They leave themselves to rust. Yet, as a woman does not love to carry her thinned tresses and crow's-feet into the glare of the opera, or to talk poetry when her rheumatism twinges her little finger, the craft of the toilette comes in most gratefully here. The tepid bath in which bran is stirred is to be a daily essential, followed by long friction till the flesh fairly shines. This keeps the blood at the surface, and has its effect in warding off wrinkles. Bohemian countesses over thirty may go to arsenic springs, as they were wont to do, for the benefit of their complexions ; but the home bath-room is more efficacious even than the minute doses of quicksilver with which the ladies of King George I.'s court used to poison themselves-a primitive way of getting at the virtues of blue-pill. The celebrated Madame Vestris slept with her face covered by a paste which gave firmness to a loose skin and prevented wrinkles. It was very like a recipe
which the Spanish ladies are fond of using, and is made from the whites of four eggs boiled in rose-water, to which was added half an ounce of alum and the same amount of the oil of sweet almonds, the whole beaten to a paste. A favourite cosmetic of the time of Charles II. was the milk of roses, said to give a fairl and youthful appearance to faded cheeks. It was made by boiling gum-benzoin in the spirits of wine till it formed a rich tincture fifteen drops of which in a glass of water made a fragrant milk, in which the face and arms were bathed, and the mixture left to? dry on. It obliterates wrinkles as far as any thing besides enameli can do it. To restore suppleness to the joints nothing is so good as the! Oriental practice of anointing the body with oil. The best sweet. oil or oil of almonds is to be used, slightly perfumed with attar ofa roses. The joints of the knee, shoulders, and fingers are to b oiled daily, and the ointment well rubbed into the skin till it does not leave any gloss. The muscles of the back feel a sensible re lief from this soothing, especially when strained with work or carrying children. The oiling should follow the bath, when the two are taken together. It is a pity this custom has fallen intQ disuse among our working people, who need it quite as much ai the sensuous Orientals. The opera-dancers in Europe used an ointment which is thus given by Lola Montez : The fat of deer or stag, eight ounces; olive-oil, six ounces; virgin wax, thre ounces ; white brandy, half a pint ; musk, one grain ; rose-water four ounces. The fat, oil, and wax were melted together, n the rose-water stirred into the brandy, after which all were beaten together. The ointment was used to give suppleness to the limbs in dancing, and would be sure to give relief to the stiffness ensuing on violent exercise. The same authorit gives a hair dye which is said to be instantaneous, and as har less as any mineral dye used. It is made fromi-gallic acid, ten grains ; acetic acid, one ounce; tincture of sesquichioride of iros n one ounce. Dissolve the gallic acid in the sesquichloride, and add the acetic acid. Wash the hair with soap and water, and appll the dye by dipping a fine comb in it and drawing through the ha so as to colour the roots thoroughly. Let it dry ; oil and brush. ABOUT VISITING. GAIL HAMILTON says that " There are visits which remain in our memories as bright spots in life, and there are visits whs only pleasure is that they are over. But visiting ought always f be pleasant-pleasant to both giver and receiver." One of the bee things connected with keeping house is the freedom to receive one's friends. It is one of the pleasures of housekeeping to prepa for company. Sweeping and dusting are but dull drudgery when cleanliness is the only object ; but how pleasant it is to tidy th rooms when a houseful of guests are coniing at the end of i There is an incentive worthy of toil-that transmutes toil in delight. But suppose you have been ill, or the children have I scarlet-fever, or Norah is gone, and there is a chance for a vii from a friend. Muist you send her away ? Yes, if you absolutel cannot undertake the slight addition to your work which her v necessitates. But remember, her visit does not necessitate t you should go through house-cleaning previous to her appearan Suppose the doors are finger-marked, and the windows not fai lessly clean, and the guest-chamber has not been swept for month, the doors will open, and the windows will let in fresh a' and you and your friend can get immense draughts of satisfacti out of the visit, though things are not as you would gladly have them, if you will only not fret about th but consign them to the insignificance they merit. are afraid of each other, forgetting that our friends have same kind of experience that we have. The most thoroughl housekeepers is sometimes forced to " let things go," unless sacrifices something of more importance than " things." Sere is distressed because the afternoon sun reveals to her responsib eyes a little dust under the sofa. But Celina is equally distre5. because her student-lamp suddenly goes out during Serena's ev ing call. Why should not both conifort themselves with reflection that nothing has happened unto them but such common unto womien, and dismiss their apprehensions ? I kn man who camne near bleeding to death because there was not a welb to be found in house or barn to stanch the blood. Be adv dear house-mother, and do not lose all the freshness and inmp to be found in your friend's visit because you have no tie to through the house with your broom upside down. IT seems that Arsenic is found in the colouring matter of ca as well as in that of wall-paper. Nor is it confined to green c alone ; it occurs in both the bright red and dark red shades.