THE PUZZLER. -29.-ENIGMA.
1,- When first Sol's rays illumined earth, ι I into being came ; To darkness always giving birth, Continually the same. Often I'm seen on moonlight nights, More often in the day ; 'Tis then the traveller sees my form Darting across the way. I'm large, I'm small, yet strange to say, Whatever size I look, No mortal man has ever yet My true dimensions took ; To catch me is a trying task, To take me no one can ; For the more you try to capture me, The more I'm in the van. I'm black alone, no other hue On me you ever see, For my short life upon the earth In mourning's spent by me. I come, oft but a minute last, And ne'er live but a day, And the weary traveller knows he can In me securely lay. I climb the steepest rocks on shore, And leap the highest walls; Often I'm on the ocean waves, Or on the roaring falls. In stately palaces I'm seen, In lowly cottage found ; And by every tree, when leaves are green, I'm cast upon the ground. Kind reader, need I plainer be P Well, then, I will just say That you my well-known form have seen On every summer's day. B. ElIERT. 430.-CHAEADES. There was а school, а school of first, Euled by а master kind; The jolliest set of fellows they That anyone could find. At cricket, football, chevy-chase, They always joined with glee ; About them other things I'll tell. If you will list to me. Old Mother Trotter kept а shop- It was their place for "tuck; ' ., She sold them marbles, books, and tope, Also good things to suck. Going to town on a certain day, As week by week oame round, To buy my whole at Mother Trot's, The first might all be found. And when they came into her shop, The first thing by them ask'd (No matter whether old or young) Was, whether she had last. Old Mother Trot a daughter had, She was a charming second ; The fairest girl in all that town, By Billy Jones was reckon'd. Now Master Billy bought her bows And ribbons for her hair, '· I'm going to the third," he said ; " Please come and meet me, dear." The third an ancient ruin was, About a mile away ; A good old hermit once liv'd there, I've heard the people say. The holidays at length had come, And all went to their homes ; Poor Billy of hie love took leave, With many tears and groans. He promis'd he would write, and send A picture of the third ; But to this day, I grieve to say, He's never kept his word. 2.—. A soldier stood, at the close of the day, Under th' old trysting-tree, To say farewell to his future bride, Whom he long'd once more to see. (For that very morn α letter had come ,' To tell him to haste away : He must leave the scenes that/he lov'd so well, And he can no longer stay.) His love soon came, and he told her the news, As they sat there, hand in hand, ·■ That ere a short whole was pass'd and gone, He would*quit his native land ; And that, while far away, he'd ne'er forget Her, whom he lov'd more than life; He hop'd to return when thé strife was o'er, And make her his bonnié wife. The ship set sail, and the soldier was borne Across to α foreign clime ; And every last he consol'd himself , With thoughts of a happier time. , The voyage is done. He has join'd the ганке To march 'gainst th' enemies' first ; By last they approach it, and storm the walls- Hark to the shells as they burst ! They've beaten the foe, and taken the first, ι And peace again is proclaim'd ; Though many are slam, the soldier still lives : Great are the honours he's gain'd. Behold him once more, and then say adieu; Happiness dwells on his face. When a whole is past, he'll lead to the church The bride who his home will grace. Bryan Geo. Bentham. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 95. V For answers to Puzzler iu No, 83, please see preceding page.