II THE RIDPLE TOURNAMENT. BETAGRAM.
,Chn the second letter of a word to form another word.) Cher e d e have come to the "Tourney" again, Fr friend r we'd vanished, And calling on us to return was in vain When we vanished. The lastfirst we ast nearly got us the " sack," For Chitaob eat on an obstinate tack, While I got a brick in the small of my back, So we vanished I The audience wanuted to get an encore, The But we'd vanished; They merely requested some more of our gore, T So we vanished. Whna bricktat camune down Chitabob gave a grunt, ,n o rshed if, leaving me to bear most of the brunt, -"t a trapdoor stood open directly in front, And he vanished. When a dynamite cartridge we saw in the street, Well, we vanished; For we thought to ,gt shot in the sky was no treat, So we ranished. A bailiff e ,m, liy-we had seen him before-- ndiit sOil~li (lo s again never more, we were sure; ile Ilod on that cartridge a second--uo more- Then-he vaniuhbed ! We met t'other day an old friend on the green, And we vanished; 'Twas our tailor, and we had no wish to be seen, So we vanished. We ran in the country full many a mile, :iroko through many hedges, jumped over a stile, flat a ditch had seen dug t'other side-just a while Anud we vanished I We heard that the ice was quite likely to bear, So we vanished; Rushed oif to the river, of nkates got a pair-- Ours had vanished. We got on the ice and were skating so gay, Nor noticed a crack which was right in our way; The ice disappeared, and as we couldn't stay, We vanished ! LUCIFER AND CIIITABOB. NARRATIVE MIETA-O IEGRAM. beage the first ao.i last letters of it w rI I to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) (To Paul Jones.) 1,-Meet me, dear brother, at twilight, When tom-cats their concerts begin; When lovers are sighing, Ard brickbats are flying, And loose ones are rolling home tight, And vainly are trying The key of the door to get in. 'Ihere's a spot in my locker below With which you're familiar, I know; Where mouldy remains And Captain Kidd's brains Have lain for a century or so; Where the matchstalks which capsized old Morgan Recline in a heap on the floor, Along with the old HLandel organ We captured from Italy's shore. 'Tis here, brother Paul, you must meet me Next Friday-don't fail to appear; You'll see me in state, So mind you're not late (There'll be plenty of "bacca" and beer I). King Neptune has promised his presence Along with his bright retinue; And to help time along He has promised a song, Which he's written expressly to you. The fishes will be there ensemble From 'most every part of the main; And under the sea There'll be such a spree To welcome you home once again. DAVY JONES. NARRATIVE DUA-OMEGRAM. Change the first two and last letters of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) -I've sought the world around for years and years, Secluded nooks and crevices I've scanned; I've analzed men's happiness and fears, And woman's true affection, loving tears; I've mixed with rich and stately, poor and low, I've felt the grasp of many a friendly hand ; Bat individually none can show That which I seek, that which I'd like to know; Ah, none of these impart What I desire in heart- I search for treasures priceless, pure as snow. My restless spirit traverses this earth- I must essay my mission to fulfil; Yet non-success within my life has birth, I eanot find those gifts of heavenly worth. In hesitation I sometimes remain, Although on urged by my resistless will; A holy incli'uation still has reign, And, heeding this, I'm forced to seek again. Wishful, then, I sigh, And hope fulfilment's nigh, y life, my soul seems crushed 'neath tensioned strain. Anit still I search with perseverance strong, For Heaven surely will success award To me. I seek 'mid city's busy throng, tn every phase of innocence and wrong- search, ah, yes! but hard it is to find, Ase hard, indeed, as e'en a miser's hoard; For know I seek for mortals pure in mind, Of sin devoid, where vice is undefined A lfe of innocence, To anugels no pretence, A loe with heaven's holiness enshrined. E. W. GEORcE, Camberwell. TRIOGRAM. (hanea the first three letters of a word to form another word.) -hat fallacies num'rous this world is possessed of, Engfrossing both sexes, old age and blithe youth; And one that I've studied embraces the best of This earth's erring subjects-no martyrs to truth, chief or its primary object is fashion, Combined with a vanity knowing no wane; Td dress, ever.changing, you're fist to last cash on, That is, if you follow this fallacy's train. think I must be ofa sere disposition- O c - al nature I've oft been assured; u tortures would fail in extorting contrition, And F rdent opinions would all be endured. 5ts wit.h my sceptical taste I am gazing tahon's blind subjects, entranced by their With n thi- k that, mayhap, 'tis amazing notions so fickle so long they've agreed. J. STOCgS, Lambeth. IChnth IETAGRAMIS. th ( trst letter of a word to form another wor.d.) "y yjirst an English coin will be; MIy next a colour plainly see. NoRAnH M. TWOMEY, Cork. 6"0n the cliffs my jrst is found. Lcst with braid is often bound. CHIsLjs F. Bt.&Cg~cgN
NARRATIVE PALINDROME. (A word which road backwards or forwards is still the same, e-- pressed it the narrative.) 7.-Baron Von Chunkingham sat in his chair, Thoughtfully stroking his carroty hair: All of a sudden he said a big swear, And did a most excellent jig; He took a revolver from out of its case, And rushed with it loaded all over the place, And swore he would scatter his brains o'er his face, For which he would not care a fig. His servants, alarmed, crowded into the hall, Expecting each moment to hear their lord fall; But naught so disastrous occurred there at all- They thought 'twas surprising, no doubt. The baroness ventured to go to his room, Armed with a hot poker, a jug, and a broom ; She fancied she'd give him "long oats," I presume, And very soon put him to rout. On reaching the landing she paused for a spell, And awed by a most diabolical yell, Right down the great stairs with a wallop she fell, And lay like a log on her back ; She gazed at the ceiling, and then at the door. And picked herself up from the polished oak floor, Then wondered a moment-or, maybe, 'twas more- lHowever, she fell such a whack. Determined she would not be beaten at all, She summoned the servants from out of the hall, Who nearly were stunned by the sound of her fall, For she weighed about twenty-one stone; She picked up her weapons, and armed all her maids With kitchen utensils and carving-knife blades; The males formed a guard with pickaxes and spades, For no more she dared go alone. Then, like a brave woman, she marched up the stairs, Behind came her army. some saying their prayers, For they fancied their lord might pop out unawares And give them two ounces of lead; The baroness called for her Chunkic aloud, Though a moment before she was thoroughly cowed, And looked with disdain at her shivering crowd. "You pack of great cowards !" she said. Once more she called loudly, and stamped on the floor, But all the reply that she got was a snore, Then anger prevailed, and she burst in the door, And, oh, what a sight met her gaze! Her lord was in bed, with his hand to his face, And handfuls of hair were all over the place, A faint smell of laudaunum, too, she could trace, A fact which did sorely amaze. She gave him a knock with the broom on his head, " What have you been doing, you villain ?" she said. Then Baron Von Chunkinghamn sat up in bed, And into her hand something pressed- A molar gigantic--a terrible size: " I drew it with pincers !"-this ras a surprise. So her crew she dismissed, and with tears in her eyes, She retired with her hubby to rest. HECTOR. NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. (Change the first two letters ofa wtrd to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 8.-Come, listen to me, and I'll warble a song In no time; You'll say when you see it, "This man's going wrong In no time !" Well, that observation may be one of truth, I know you are knights of discernment, in sooth, But you'll see that I'm quite a remarkable youth In no time. I knew a sweet girl, so I went to her house In no time; I knocked at the door with refinemeut and nous In no time. But her father came out-he was cross, and tout de suite, I saw he'd thick boots on his wonderful feet; So I bade him adieu, and was in the next street In no time. I saw a fine horse, and was on to its back In no time; I clipped off a switch and I gave it a whack In no time. It galloped away at a pace, I declare, Which shot me, like Baldwin, high tup in the air ; But I quickly came down again, and-oh, well, there, In no time. I thought that I'd go on the stage, so I went In no time; And every one knew of the tragic event In no time. Said the "heavy man," "Have you the knife of the slain ?" I cried, " I've forgot itl Great Scott !" but in vain ; I was pushed off the stage and then shoved on aanin In no time. J. W. SEWELL. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrative.) 9.-I know a little blue-eyed, fairy maiden, She lives down in the valley where tht cowslips grow; Her coral ears with tales of love are laden, As we wander through the valley where the silver waters flow. Chorus: Little maiden loves me truly, And she did not say me nay When I asked to be her lover on That glorious summer day. And the roses and the lilies O'er her soft cheeks come and go, As we wander through the valley where the silver waters flow. This maiden fair is more to me than sister; Her father keeps a dairy in the village just below; When no one was around I fondly kissed her, As we wandered through the valley where the silver waters flow. Chorus: Little maiden loves me truly, And she did not say me nay When I asked to be her sweetheart on That glorious summer day. She hung her head and coloured, the did not resist, and so I kissed her in the valley where the silver waters flow. I tell her February is the ring-time, My little darling has no other wish than mine, you know; So we're going to be married in the spring-time, In the church down in the valley where the silver waters flow. Chorus: Little maiden loves me truly, And she will not say me nay When I ask to be her husband On this glorious autumn day. She's a charming little fairy, 'Tis the least that I can do, So we'll settle in the valley where the silver waters flow. KATIE Moss, Twickeuham. CHARADE. (Formedt on a wtord each syllable of which is a word.) 10.-A preposition of letters three; The same is placed here for you to see. The last of a song should never be sad, For a song should always be cheery and glad. \Iy hlrole it is gone Where the bad niggers go; It has left me forlrn, And no trumpet to blow. Mis-whole is its sister, Who is doggit-g my steps; A hydrophobial car, Snarling, with fierce biceps. W. A. Lasmnsoao, Poplhi.
NARRATIVE DECAPITATIONS, IDrop the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 11.-Those words were said in days of old By some most learned seer, And even I will be so bold As to repeat them here: "The wise man in his wisdom learns How little he doth know; The fool in vainest ignorance yearns His want of sense to show." Thus will you note each passing day That he of knowledge slight Like some great moke is wont to bray, And give his betters light; The highest judge of art is he Who never tried to paint; The deepest in iniquity Will first reprove a saint. He can good tales of hunting tell Who never fired a gun; And he who is no soldier-well, Can show how fields are won; The man who never had a child Can best train up the young ; The famous singer is reviled By him who ne'er has sung. The fiercest critic of a book Perhaps ne'er wrote a line; And he who never cast a hook May Walton's art define; Those authors write most stirring tales Of " ocean life so free " Who never scented salty gales, Or crossed the heaving sea. Those talk of "prowess in the strife" Who live in peaceful glades, And hands which never held a knife May write of "gleaming blades." A stranger thing is also seen (Nay, Nellie, do not frown)- She may speak well of playing queen Who never saw a crown. HIERCULES. 12.-David Gow, our Scottish friend, Once your name we used to see, sir; Often you were in the " T.," sir. Where the dickens can you be, sir P Come at once, your wrong ways mend. Philo, once you pleased us all With your songs both gay and witty; Pray, upon as all take pity, Write is now and then a ditty. Answer, please, my humble call. Amy Boehmer, you we miss; Marion T., and J.Tennie A., You we've missed for many a day; Write us again a pleasant lay, And you'll fill our " T." with bliss. ADA SKYB. DECAP ITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 13.-First is what each one should know, And own to without shame; But if this is beheaded, lo I You'll find a maiden's name. C. BATEs. NARRATIVE BETA.OMIEGRAM. (Change the second and last letters of a word to form another wo,rd, expressed in the narrative.) 14.-A gust of high wind whirled my hat far away, It travelled in manner peculiar; The wind's sweet persuasion soon caused it to stray To latitudes light and peculiar. It descended in time; I endeavoured to catch My hat, but coucluded 'twas more than my match, When I slipped anod reposed in a cosy mud patch, Which made me look very peculiar. I courted a gentle and beautiful miss Whose ways were so very peculiar; She presented to me such an exquisite kiss, Which truly was sweet and peculiar. I promptly concluded that she was sincere, So craved that our lives might in unity steer; But after our marriage her actions, I fear, Induced much reflection peculiar. Outside of my dwelling one evening I stood, Although not in pose so p ,culiar; By jocular youths was mistaken for wood, Which, really, was very pecnliar. They picked up some pebbles that handy lay by, And commenced very quick in succession to sly Those stones at my head, which soon caused me to cry And bellow in manner peculiar. W. L. MllILLER AND E. W. GEORGE. NARRATIVE DOUBLE OMEGRAM. (Change the two last letters of a word to form another word, ex- pressed In the narrative.) AN ODE ON THE MODERN YOUNG LADY. 15.--How beautifully light the paint is laid, Fair maid, On your face, which looks so lovely-in the shade. No wonder that the dames In their envy call you names, For such loveliness and beauty, I declare, Is so rare, That it puts you quite, oh, quite beyond compare. And those eyes, Oh, ye skies What a depth of trusting love within them lies ! Why, it makes a body shrink That such brightness, only think, Is extracted from a powder that they sell At the-well, At the proper place, I fancy-who can tell P Glorious hair! Where, ob, where Can you find such wavy tresses to compare ? Well, I don't know if it's right, But I've heard it said you might, If you look in shops that hang them up for show, Don't you know, In the window, all together in a row I FooNooLICAN. NARRATIVE MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in souni expressed in the narrative.) 16.-Friend Johnson, your verses so brimful of praise, Of which I am quite undeserving, Have wakened the memory of dearly-loved days, When, under Queen Marion's serving, I merrily tilted with maid or with knight, Till Fate, who is often hard-hearted, Decreed that no more in the " T." I should fight, And so from the lists I departed. I often have wished to be with you again, And, seeing your kind invitatiou, My spirit is roused, and I cannot refrain From donning, on this one occasion, My rust-eaten armour, and mounting my steed I swiftly accomplish the journey, And here once again I am happy, indeed, To greet my old friends of the " Tourney." What changes I notice amidst the gay throng I Fresh faces outnumber the old ones- New-comers who've won honoured places among Our " Tournament" gallant andi bold ones. And, ah ! on the throne an old comrade I see- Sweet Nellie, as queen let me hail you 1 To your fair maijcsty a true knight bends the knee, Whose Iance when required shall not fail you. A. As~Ysex.i, Manchester.
NARRATIVE DECAPI.CURTAILMENTS, (Drop the first and last letters Irom a word, leaving anothe word, expressed in the narrative.) 17.-A phantom from the silent days That lie within the past's embrace, With sad reproach in every gaze, Unuttered anguish in its face, Appears, and, lo I its shadow falls And blots the sunlight on the walls. For sorrow, sorrow is but vain, With hollow rendings of the air; Why should that spirit rise again, And lay the dead past's memories bare? From hidden days the veil is torn, And hungry thoughts again are born. The time which is, the time which was, Are by no easy bridges spanned; Who weep with pain and cry, alas I No thought of this can understand. A gulf impassable is fixed, And ne'er may human walk betwixt. Yet thought, that fies on arrow-wings, Soars free above the dark ravine, Roused by that spirit's murmurings, To seek and find what once had been, As thoughts of spring awake the woods That are as winter's solitudes. Expectantly we fain would live Again the life whose pulse was bliss, Yet are our yearnings fugitive, And unattained the object is; Full-hearted joy has never yet Entwined its arms round pale Regret. The pleasure future times may hold Is naught to that our memory knows, For but a moment of the old I'd barter all the future owes; 1Ne'er can the coning compensate For what went soon and came so late. And so I pass along the years, Each one a gem in memory's crown; Sad, sad beyond the grief of tears, Yet living all that sorrow down; Living, in times of dreamful stealth, A miser gloating o'er his wealth. Give me the past whate'er may be, The future falls before our eyes ; We lose our joy with memory's key, What is before all thought defies ; Life comes from converse with the dead, And hearts by Hope were never fed. IVANHOE, Belfast. 19.-If I were a mermaid Happy I should be. Down amongst the green weeds, Underneath the sea; Soon I would be flirting With the mermen bold; Manners they've most charming, That's what I've been told. Floating in a shell car O'er the waters clear With a team of dolphins, Storms I would not fear; Paying court to Neptune And his dainty queen, Oh, it would be joyful, Happy as a dream I AMse H. AND MARY H. MILLEB. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word. leavinu another word.) 19.-This in music's often taken; Level, or on equal station; Find the ruler of the house; Always found in every spouse. CaOsLaS F. BLAcrsURN. DIAMOND PUZZLES. 20.-A consonant. A fowl. A number. A fishing ima plement. A consonant. T. E. PICKAVANCE. 21.-A vowel. A single point on cards. Splendour. Part of the face. A consonant. G. W. HALL. CONUNDRUMS. A conundrum's a perfect relief From the " Narrative " riddles so numerous; For there you've a problem that's brief, Which yet can be made just as humorous. But stay, fr 'tis hardly discreet To court a disastrous defeat From the " Narrative's" friends, who, maybe, Would silence this "bard," and say, " We Condemn all attempts to presume o'er us." (1.) Now, persons who're racked by the strains Of a loudly-thumped piano, investivate The question that's here, for some grains Of comfort they'll glean of the best. I hate Such Gorgous, and ask you to quote A commonplace musical note Resembling (no wish to give pain) A person who's sadly insane. The final result of your quest I wait. (2.) The second conundrum has naught To do with a subject symnphonious; For more information I've sought, Because this, perhaps, is erroneous. A certain Greek letter, 'tis said, Ily wrong inclinations was led To visit a place yclept " the course," And lay a small sum on a horse. What javenile task is made known by thus ? (3). And lastly to you I'll propound A question that's scarce problematical; Mauyhap, when solution is found You'll promptly assert it's piratical. Ye solvers, no doubt ye can say In what most particular way A guinea-pig dtffers from one We're told ruled in days that are gone- Th' spectral pater of Hamlet emphatical. DOLCE FARL NIENTE. ANswERS.-1. A natural (a natural). 2. Alpha-bet (al. phabet). 3. Because it cannot "a tail (tale) unfold."