The Riddler.
3. As red as ensign ere displayed, As black as night's most lowering shade ■ As hot as Hecta's fiery stream, As cold as moonlight's glisfceniug beam : I am a very brittle thing, Yet I, as a guard, some thousands bring; I often bear a Royal Crown, When I with fiery wings drop down. J. B. Andrew. 4. BIBLICAL MENTAL PICTURE. "Who is it? Who is it? Hath God thus abused, And caused us this day this battle to lose ?" Were tho words of the leader of a brave and gallant band, Encamped on the borders of a strange and foreign land. So down on his knees before the altar he bent, And quickly a prayer to his Maker he sent ; He asked him for help this sinner to find out, That he might know the reason this defeat came about. By the will of the Lord the sinner was sought, And quickly before his leader was brought ; His only defence—that the curse of gold Had caused him to do what he thought so bold. Found guilty he was, aud taken away, With household and cattle, to die on that day ; And when he was dead, his remains were then burned, So the people around a groat lesson had learned But after all this the battle was fought, And the victory was theirs, so they had what they sought. William Wickham. KNIGMAS. 1. Behold a thing thafc all men know quite well, And yet tho far-famed Euclid ne'er could tell ! I, like au ostrich, swallow nails for food, Though every day am fed with flesh and blood. How sad my fate, since, like a porter light, A loacl I'm doomed to bear, from morn till night. Nay, more than this, I do affirm 'tis true I bear tho porter and his burden too; Thus fco tho livim? I'm a constant slave, And e'en the dead í carry to tho grave. W. Sturgess. Six and twenty oddfellows Lived two thousand years together, and all brothers. Notwithstanding their ages they are as happy as ever, And none can deny bufc they're all very clever. They are chiefly dressed in black when seen about tho streets, And seldom lio together bufc in very clean sheets. To the admiration of great and small, They have bufc one eye between them all. Robert Glover.
δ.—CHARADE. My first letter grows in China, and is used by- one and all, My second is very lofty, so take care you do not fall ; For if into my third you fall, you are certain to get wet. My whole is very painful, and not easy to forget. W. T. Gun OAN. A CHINESE GAZETTE. In China, the official Gazette, which is pub¬ lished daily, is considered as the organ of government in everything connected with the reliction, laws, manners, and customs of the country. In its plan it totally differs from the gazettes of Europe, wherein articles of a miscellaneous description are inserted for money. No article appears in the Gazette of China whieh has not been submitted to the emperor ; and having received his approba¬ tion, not a syllable en be added to it. In 1818, an officer in a court of justice, who was also employed in the posfc office, suffered death for having published some false intelligence through the medium of this Gazette. The reason assigned by the judges in passimr sentence, was, that the party cul¬ pable had been wanting in respect to his imperial majesty. A Frenchman claims to have invented a paper which is incombustible. Let some of our essayists, get hold of it, and they will make ifc dry enough to burn. REVERSIONS. 6. In every house my second is found, It matters not whether square, oval, or round ; A warrior bold my first will be Who has fought the Spaniards, you will be Right merrily. it. Copley (Canning Town). 7. First on brave Christian, And do no second deed ; Stand firmly to thy faith, And study no other creed. H. Copley. Answers to Last "Week's Biddies. 1. Success to the Boys' Champion, thus : SuperB, UgoP), OrecY, CacuS, EpiC, Savan- naH, SaturniA, TænaruM, OvertoP, Tripoli, HerO, EndymioN. — 2. (1 ) Mersey, (2) Lichen, (3.) Yare, (4.) Eden, (5.) Ouse, (6.) Tvne.—3. Windmill.—4. Cap-a-pie. δ." С THE S Ε Ε Τ Η CHEDDAR ANDES EAR R