THE RIDDLE BOX.
A RIDDLE. I'mi green and still, and take my ease In thickest shadows lying; I'mi fixed as fate,. and yet a breeze Will always set me flying. I 'm deep as ocean; dark as sin; I 'm treacherous and gloomy; And still so airy, light and thin, A body can see through me. I'm made of silk ; I'm lined with grass; It is my pleasant duty To wait on many a laughing lass, And press the cheek of beauty. SOPHIE MAY. LITERARY ELLIPSES. (Blanks to be filled by English authors.) I. A LITTLE child, - - and full of grace, Threw back her - and showed her smiling face; Meek as the - she by a ribbon led, As o'er the - in the - dawn see fled Fleet as the - when to the - the Called, and the sportsman - not at morn; Against her - - more than paltry gold, I could not -- my heart, however cold. II. You need not - my inquiring friend, If, asking me if I am on the mend, You find me still in no - frame; Upon an - lay all the blame; And though it may not - seem, to mope, I could not - my pain to please the -. J. P. B.
WORD SQUARE. AH ! thou wert deemed nmy first, Cassandra, fair. When with dishevelled hair, In dark habiliments of woe attired, And by my next inspired, Thou didst, in vain, to Troy reiterate Her swift impending fate. No prouder walls than hers henceforth shall rise 'Neath oriental skies; No citizens more true in act and word, No royal race my third. Troy was; her towering walls of massive stone All into dust have gone, Since too secure, wise admonition scorning, She heeded not thy warning. 'T is ever so with prophet, sybil, seer, Mere scoff and jeer; Call mad, my fourth, and oft the life-blood spill Of messengers of ill. So when my fifth, assailed by Casar's hosts, Her lofty rampart boasts; Or when my sixth, a cruel tawny race, Dared Rodger's guns to face! HITTY MAGINN. NUMERICAL ENIGMA. I AM composed of 32 letters : My 15, 4, 12, 5, 16, 25, is a young animal. My 29, 32, 14, 20, and my 17, 10, 2, 3, 9, are animals, the fur of which is quite valuable. My 6, 32, 18, 27, 7, 25, is sometimes considered a locality and sometimes a condition of being. My 23, I, II, 19, 20, 7, is a very useful stone. My 31, 3, 22, 21, 13, is dismal. My 24, 5, is a pronoun. My 31, 28, 26, is a vehicle. My 17, 8, 30, 31, is coarse woolen cloth. My whole is a recipe for good looks. A. N.
REBUS No. 1. -71 - , r . , , , - 6-1 0 ANAGRA1IIIATIC ELLIPSES. (Fill the blanks with the same words, transposed.) I. He looked - - - - of the church, and saw persons bowed in --. 2. - in sowing, make - in reaping. 3. A person learning to - - care not to fall. 4. The - set the gem - - - of gold. 5. It - me to see the dignity she will sometimes 6. She will let no unkind word - from her - 7. She - carefully and sews a - - . 8. Such a - of criticism from parishioners I 'm sure - - - stand. J. P. B. CHARADE. MY first you will certainly find on the farm, If the crops have been good this year; My second you sometimes will find in the brooks, When the season is cold and drear; My whole by the builder is carried aloft, By the architect skillfully planned, For the mansion, the court-house or palace, perhaps, An ornament graceful or grand. JAN. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. FOUNDATION WORDS : THE father of the Pleiades. An admirable musician.
CROSS WORDS: A town of Thrace. One of Helen's suitors. The priests of Pan. Presides over the Muses. A terrestrial god. LORAIN LINCOLN.
,2
ENIGMA. I AM a word of nine letters, of which my I and 2 form a portion of each of the zones; my 2 and 3 are the beginning of order; my 3 and 4 are half of a sort of bread; my 3, 4 and 5 are three-quarters of a road; my 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7 make a duty that generally devolves on the cook; my 4 is an exclamation of surprise or pain; my 5 an article in frequent use by people who do not know.exactly what they desire; my 5 and 6 make an adverb denoting similitude; my 6, 7 and 8 are the beginning of every act of dishonesty ; my 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9 mean a star, and also a beautiful winter flower that was first brought to our country from China. The same letters are also five-eighths of the Greek name given to the planets between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter. My 9, 8, 6 and 7 give relief to the traveler, and my 7, 8, 5, 3 and 6 to. the sorrowful; my 3, 5, I and 8 mean to destroy; my 3, 2, 4 and 7 make a part of every tree and plant; my 4, 5 and 3 an article useful to sailors and fishermen; my 3, 5, 7 and 6, the housekeeper's pest; my 2, 5, 7 and 6, a kind of grain highly esteemed in Scotland; my 6, 8, 5 and 9 mean to burn; my 5, 7 and 8 express what you did with your dinner last Christmas; my 5, 3 and 8 denote existence; my 8, 5 and 3 make something that belongs to you, though you never saw it in your life, that you could not sell for a farthing, yet would not part with for a million ; and my whole is the name of one famous in Persian history. F. R. F. CROSS WORD. MY first is in sugar, but not in sweet; My next is in counterpane, not in sheet; My third is in me, but not in you; My fourth is in green, but not in blue; My fifth is in barter, but not in sell; My sixth is in scream, but not in yell; My seventh is in hat, but not in cap; My eighth is in sleep, but not in nap; My whole is said to have the power Of turning all it touches sour. A. S. OUP CHRISTMAS DINNER. THE first course consisted of a linden tree and some poles; the second of a red-hot bar of iron, a thin wife, a country of Europe, and an ornament used by Roman ladies, accompanied by a vegetable carefully prepared as follows : One-sixth of a carrot, one-fourth of a bean, two-sevenths of a lettuce, and one-third of a cherry. We had for dessert a pudding made of the interment of a tailor's instrument, some points of time events, and small cannon shot from Hamburg. GRACE. BURIED POETS. I. AT Stockholm espionage is not practiced. 2. Along the Po peacocks were strutting. 3. On the way from Moscow perished the greater part of Napoleon's army. 4. Give me my pencils, pens, eraser and scissors. 5. A single sou they had not. 6. He is not wayward. 7. A crab being hungry ate up a snail.. M. H. G. REBUS No. 2.