THE EIDDLER,
1. DECAPITATION. Composed of my first is a chain, As you can plainly see. Second has made may a person ; But I'm afraid it'll never make me. H. Coplst. ENIGMA, I happy be—I mournfully be, Tn any town you cau eco me ; I'm modern, antique, meek, Large, small, strong, weak, bleak. H. Copley. 3. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. Dear Mr. Editor,—Pray, please accept The best wishes of one, who, though not an adept At writing, or anything else, except Maybe a ridiculous metre that won't pay, Is not in the slightest degree deterred From offering, briefly, one single word To such poor folks as never have heard, Or thought of, or seen, " The Boys' J. J." Now I, Mr. Editor, know well enough, That I shall at once be considered a muff, And you will pronounce nonsensical stuff, These poor lines that belong to my lay, And I am at the same time well aware, That I have not the smallest right to dare To think that my name is worthy to ehare A place in the " Riddler " of " The Boys' J. J.'· I might say much, but 'twould take up time, And my verses, you see, are by no means sublime (For Journal's a word so hard to make rhyme, That the sense cannot always have its way). I can only say this, that I firmly intend To speak in your favour to every friend, And on all occasions to truly recommend What I so much admire—" The Bo« s' J. J." Now, if these verses you should deride, Throw them iuto the W. P. B. by your side, And there 'mid the rubbish let them 'bide (So that your office-boy can read them some day). But if not, let me know, and I'll try to compose Home " pootical verse " (I'm not versed in prose), For the pleasure and edification of those Who constantly read " The Boys' J. J." I've not given below my name and address Both of which, I believe, it best to suppress, Or otherwise I might get into a " mess " With my friends, who might have something to eay. If, however, these lines meet not with disdain, I shall have great pleasure in writing again, But until that time, 1 must beg to remain, A true friend to—" The Boys' J. J·," Rob the Riddler. DECAPITATION. For first another name for the eggs of a fish Which, when properly made up, is a very good dish, On which some people sup. Behead, and something some people have ť> do (And, perhaps, may even have been done by you), When they find themselves hard up ! Rob the Riddler. 5. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the last letter of a word, leaving another word.) I try to write, yet all around, I'm dazed by noise of every sort ; I'm getting mad—I yell. " Confound !" Well, 'pon my werd, my brain's distraught. For, my baby's got the whooping-cough, My wife, an awful cold, Whilo on the air, I last the strains Of the church bell being tolled. Oh ! it's enough to drive a fellow mad- That German band out there, And those "bloaters rare," that may bo had Of that coster with red hair. I've called for blankets, cotton-wool, Or anything that they might have— I'm sure you'll think that I'm a fool, Excuse me if I seem to rave. For my daughter's got the measles, My brother plays the flute, My lodger learns the cornet, And he's playing it—the brute. While round the house, sweet mulodie 1н fint—tli midnight cats ; åttiink I'd best conclude, for now % bear the sound of rats. Robert W. Andrews (Hampstead). 6. DECAPITATIONS. I:' you a window-pane behead, A girl you now will view, J5ehead once more and no w you'll find. An animal is.shown to you. У Albert A. Dykes (ftouthampton).
Г. In his hand he held а first Whilst clinging to the mast. A bullet crashed through his brain He died without a last. Т. E. Barley (Manchester). SQUARE WORD. First is that which is nearly round. My next is at the blacksmith's found. " Baruaby Rudgo " the next of tales. Last, emblem of poor little Wales. Fred Johnson (Manchester). Answers to Last Week's Biddies. 1. ITow, Bow, Now. 2. Care, Race. S. An egg. 4. Ports-mouth. 5. S. Dacre Clarke, thus : SyrtiC, DeviL, AlmagrA, ChaR, RusK, EyE. 6. 8 T A R TALE ALMA READ