THE PUZZLER. 523.—CHARADES.
1.— Mb. Brown was a bachelor, aged eighty-two. Miss Jones was a spinster of fifty, Both highly esteemed by their numerous friends, As people who knew how to meet both their ends- Industrious, sober, and thrifty. It chanced pretty often they met out to tea, ' And it gave rise to very great scandal, That a noise like a kiss, it was stoutly averred, As the two sat together one evening, was heard, When a wag had extinguished the candle. Be that as it may, we were all much surprised To hear at the end of the summer, That Brown a proposal to Miss Jones had made, Beceiviug a " yes ' from that lady so staid, And had furnished a house for the comer. But the couree of affection does never run emooth, If proverbs as proof may be reckoned : And a talkative lady declared to a friend That the courtship had come to a natural end, - And the two had a hot angry second ; That he called her my first, with great truth all allowed, } For she certainly never was pretty ; Her answer was more energetic than calm, So he broke off the match when the quarrel grew warm, And returned to his work in the City. Three weeks and a day since his last with Miss Jones Had passed over Mr. Brown's head. When a letter informed him she'd opened the war, And commenoed with an action, according to law, For the breach of the promise to wed. A day was appointed, the trial came on, My whole showed her very hard case ; She appealed to the jury as husbands and men, To bring her in damages weighty, and then To dismiss Mr. Brown in disgrace. But vain was her eloquence—vain was her speech, Though both were the talk of the town, For the jurymen, after a short consultation Agreed, and without the least hesitation They brought in a verdict for Brown. Staklet Bbamaix. My Fìrat. 2.—" Wb have scarcely," says Mr. Knapp, " another bird, the appetite of which is so accommodating in all respects as that of this bird. It is, I believe, the only bird that is a voluntary inhabitant with man, lives in his society, and is his constant attendant, following him wherever he fixes his residence. It becomes immediately an inhabitant of the new farm¬ house, in a lonely place or reoent inclosure, or even iu an island ; will accompany him in the orowded city, and build and feed there in content, unmindful of noise, the smoke of the furnace, or the steam-engine, where even the swallow and the martin, that flock around him in the country, are scared bythe tumult, and leave him; but this bird, though begrimed with soot, does not forsake him ; feeds on his food, rice, and potatoes ; looks to him for his support, and is maintained almoet entirely by the industry and pro¬ vidence of man." My Second and Whole. " Next to the kestrel, this is the most abundant of the British birds of prey. It chooses extensive woods for its retreat, for there it cau make excursions, and return at pleasure to its roosting-place or its nest. With a form adapted to pass rapidly among the trunks of trees, and in thickets, and with its ample and rudder-like tail, it has a gliding flight in the open country, skimming at a short distance from the ground, along the backs of hedges, or the skirts of some cover, while it passes easily and exactly, with a bound, any obstacle that appears in its way. With the same rapidity and ease the prey is seized, and the stoop to the ground is made, and the capture effected so instantaneously as almost to elude the eye. Except in peculiar districts, a wood is chosen as a breeding-place ; the nest is composed of sticks and twigs, loosely put together on a straggling base ; and there are from three to five eggs, of a bluish white, with large brown blotches. When incubation begins, the female is shy, but after a time will allow a near approach; butthe male does not watch, like the tree falcons, much less does he trouble himself to imitate their violent perturbations and vehement screams." Thomas Hutchinson. S24.-ENIGMA. I fit in the air, my colours are rare, I beautiful look on the wing ; Though I am not a bride, yet it can't be denied My name's oft obtained through the ring. I adorn oft the dress of the dainty young miss. Full of life and as fresh as the morn ; Alas I I'm like man, my life's but a span- In aa hour I of beauty am shorn. As an emblem of trade I am often displayed, I wield over man potent power ; I'm a bait for the eye for to tempt passers-by- Turn away, gentle reader, they re sour. 'Tis true I'm so old my yeare oan't be told And it is not unlikely at all That Evehandledmewhen she stripped from the tree The apple that caueed her downfall. T. Hali.. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 123. %* For answers to Puzzler in No. Ill, please see preceding page.