THE PUZZLER. 511.—ENIGMAS.
I bise in the breast like a demon, Tbe most pure reputations to stain Of the fairest and noblest of women, And the bravest and truest of men. I raise up fierce strifes and dissensions Wherever my accents are heard, Filling bosoms with grim apprehensions, Of evils that never occurr'd. On the faith that a moment hath wavered, I down like a tiger have sprung, And the firmest of ties have been severed By the tones of my venomous tongue,, True hearts, with the purest intentions, Have by me 'gainst each other been stirr'd, And been sliadow'd by grim apprehensions Of evils that never occurr'd. When your brain by my power is o'erheated, At others' misfortunes ne'er scoff ; *' Enough " (you have oft heard repeated) " Of the day is the evil thereof." All your worst evils are my inventions, By action, by thought, and by word, By fostering up grim apprehensions Of evils that never occurr'd. Wm. Aitken (Som). 2.— " Why sittest thou by yon ruined wall, Thou stern old carle so gray ? Before whose breath the hours so small Do slowly pass away." The aged one his voice does raise : " I'm younger than I seem ; Alternate in my fickle ways I'm but a passing dream. " Before you were I was," he said, " Though only born to-day ; The future in my glass is read, The hours that pass away. " I'm brief, my son, full well I know : I'm parted soon from thee, And beauty from thy form will go When from myself you're free." С Hemmings. 3.— Mr first at times soar up on high, Until they seem to touch the sky ; My second is its place of rest, Which no rude stranger dare molest; My whole is found on many a tree, , Which prying eyes delight to see. S. Rodrigues (Jamaica). 512.-DOUBLE ACROSTICS. 1.— Old Year's tale is nearly told, His fingers on the book grow cold, But ere he doth the pages fold, We'll bid him primals. New Year comes with quickening pace, His footsteps in the snow we trace : He wears a smile upon his face, Then joy and bid him finals. 1. A city o'er the Border line, Containing a cathedral fine. 2. A fruit grown in a foreign clime You now must fetch for sake of rhyme. 3. From out the precious stones select The pretty one you here detect. 4. Your map of Prussia now get down, And find me out this seaport town. 5. Beneath Italia's azure skies This lake 'midst mountain scenery lies. 6. Now, I pray you, find at ease This town in Yorkshire-on-the-Tees. 7. Fair Muse ! thy all-harmonious themes Methinks I hear when in my dreams. Harry Blackburn. 2.— The work of the day being past, I enjoy a game of the last ; Initial letters down display ; The articles with which you play. 1. A notice to extinguish fires : 'Twas sounded in all English shires. 2. A town of Ireland here is named, Which for its linen market's famed. 3. A French historian of note : The " History of Marseilles" he wrote. 4. Ancient name of an English town Will give the word I here write down j 5. For next reverse Jupiter's son, And then you'll find your task is done. T. Lidgerton. 513.—CHARADES. 1,—My first means from side to side ; my second is a small insect ; and my whole often puzzles me. 2.—My first is an Irish town ; my second is an Irish town ; and my whole is an Irish town. 3.—My first means firmness or resolution; my second means to conquer ; my third is that which opposes ; and if my whole be your motto, you are sure to succeed. J. Quinn. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 118. 6'■'*** For answers to Puzzler in No. 106, please see preceding page.