In me In me In me In me In me In me In me In me In me Now, r 1.—ENIGMA. there is yes, in me there is no, there is high, in me there is no, there is wrong, in me there is right, there is day, in me there is night, there is die, in me there is live, there is lend, in me there is give, there is ali, in me there is none, there is come, in me there is gone, there is courage, in me there is fame, eader, I leave you to guess my name. Messrs. Nash and Friesner. 2.—DECAPITATION. Though I'm small, yet when entire, I sure would set the world on fire, Let one letter disappear, And I'll guard a herd of deer. Omit another, and you'll find, What once took care of human kind. P.P. 3.—CHARADES. My first is never out, you may rely ; My second at a ball we offc espy ; My third will do as well to solve charade, As when some great experiment is made 5 My whole at Waterloo and Cressy's field Yfas seen, and helped to make the foemen yield. H. W. Stevens. 4. See on my lofty first upborne, The ancient conqueror ride 5 Or Pat at Ballyshannon fair, With Biddy by his side. Take all the English, rich and poor, To form my mighty second ; My ivhole may in your garden grow, And beautiful is reckoned. H. W. Stevens.
5.—ENIGMA. On ! source of all our joys, and all our woe, Type of creation, in its mingled flow Of good and evil ; how may we receive, Thine all-productive name ; should we not grieve, That thou wert ever made so frail, so fair ? For all the ills to which our flesh is heir, From thee arise—from thee our loss of wealth, Poison to life, to happiness, to health, From thee our ruined hopes, from thee the earth, Mourns its sad blight, its pestilence, and dearth. Let's change the picture—and in thee behold, Oh wond'rous myst'ry ! blessings yet untold, From thee—we gain our loss, for pain our ease, And the great med'cine for our sore disease. Hope springs exulting in the troubled breast, That still through thee, our sorrows shall find rest. Life's charmers, too, who now our cares beguile, Now vex us with a frown, or with a smile, Present thy image, whether dark or fair, Reflect thy weakness, as thy grace they share. Still 'tis of thee, they brighten every scene, Nay, without thee, who knows if they had been ; And, at that hour, when daylight dies away. And the sun setting, sheds a mellower ray ; Or when the stars in heaven's deep azure gleam, And dewdrops glisten in the moon's pale beam ; When whispering lovers breathe the oft-told tale, Or wander slowly through the accustomed vale; We may not see thee there, yet still thy name, Springs to our lips, another, yet the same. H. W. Stevens. 6.—DELETION. A London thoroughfare is firsfc, Third letter now remove, And something which you cf ten do, Is seen as I will prove. My second letter please delete, Some gravel you will find, Behead, transpose, and then I'm sure, A name is left behind. Again behead, ifc can be done, An article's displayed, And if you study well this con, The answer will be made. C. F. Blackburn. 7— WORD SQUARE. For first a certain colour find, 'Tis very soon explained ; A notion in my next you'll see, Then when you have that gained, Please seek for third another word, For elegant or clean, In last when you've unearthed the same, A Christian name is seen. C. F. Blackburn. Answers to Last "Week's Biddies. 1. Ring, Grin. 2. Diaper, Repaid . 3. Busy, thus : Benj amin, Umbrella, Ship, Yonder. 4.- R F I G M I D A S R I D D L E R F 0 L I 0 P E R Л 5. Blow, Low. G. Because th ey are both without an e qual.