THE RIDDLER. 1
ACROSTIC. (Dedicated to E. N. Harris.) FOUNDATION WORD, Richly strewn, with verdant shading, pr i ¡nal beautifies tbe hall, Leaning, drooping, never fading, smiling welcome unto all. Joyous circle· pass beneath it lightly a» the happy May, Ever were thy leaflets changeless, and as soft as sum¬ mer's day. Faintly doth its kindred sway 'neath the autumn's blighting ire, Foster'tl not, but, by the winter chilled till all its bloom expire. Eulogies ar« "wordy treasures"—gay and mystical conceits Rise within me to commend thee, but I can but feci their sweets. Such as thou art—oh, may be ! every friend who grasps my hand ! O'or my dealings, mem'ry—feelings ever may thy symbol stand, Never failing, never changing, decked but with one raiment grand. CROSS WORDS. An extrem», sir, perceive here—the finis—conclusion, W hose kindred extreme cometh not as intrusion. 'Tis all that is evil, degrading, and ill, Whose victims oft swallow a self-propared pill. Punster, and jester ; bright writer and clever, Enliven us always, depart from us never ; Sterling's thy metal, most facile thy quill, High up Parnassus a place tray'st thou fill. Tears from the cloudland, and shades of the sky, Lamenting the evils and sins of dark dye. Three British cheers for the season's brave bird ! The ghost and the " gho-o-st" at this period are heard, Novices fear I Would " spit " many curses, Did this regulate not and grace poets' verses. Kindly, consld'rate, most candid and clear ; A weather-wise pilot ship, Comrades to steer. Meanest of selfishness ; cowardly one, Who,brainless himself, won't let others "get on." Artlessness, honesty ; light and discreet heat t Wins the true love, as pourtiayed in " My Sweetheart.'· Avick 1 I'll be afther concluding my singin' ; Like a "broth of a bhoy " I my "hook 'rwill be wing¬ ing. But, if yez «hould happen in th' " know " not to be, Consult wid much plisure " The O'V. D. T." V. D. T. (Warrington). NARRATIVE DOUBLE OMEGRAM. (Change the bist two letters of a word to form another word expressed in the narrative.) Thi Jubilee Year is now over aud past— 'Tis not the first time I have thought so. This year 1 am sure will be better than last— 'Tıs not the first time I have thought so. For months past we've heard of the Jubilee " this," 'J he Jubilee " that," and the Jubilee " ki s " ; li\ıt now all the Jubilee lot we shall miss- And it's not the firet time I have thought so. The B. J. J. is a good paper I weon— 'Tis not the first time I have thought so. In the "Riddler's" page I have once or twico been— 'Tis not the first time 1 have thought so. Bat though I come seldom, I never forget Kıy friends in the " Riddler" who know me, " you bet." Илао day I daresay most of you'll have mut— And it's not the first time I have thought so. The eighth of December was jo'ly well damp— 'Tie not the first time I have thought so. 'Twas on that occasion I met a tall tramp— 'Tis not the first time I have thought so. He asked me politely (?) if c »ppers I'd spare. 1 hadn't a D ; so he swore a big swear, Aud I only escaped by the " ssin of my hair "— And it's not the first time I have thought so. The hour is now bte, so I'd best go to bed— 'Tie not the first timo I have thought so. I think I've said all that there ia to be said— 'Ti· not the first time I have thought so. But if I've omitted to say what I should, Forgive me you will, for I know you я re good ; 1 cannot stay longer, I would if I could— And it's not the first time I have thought fo. T. E. Baklľy (Manchester). TRIPLE DECAPI-CURTAILMENT. I don't intend to tiro you long— Because it i-n't right. With many lines in this my song— Because it isn't right. And if you e'er ehould write a con., No matter what subject upon, lake eare 'tie not too long, " yountr mon "- Because it isu't right. I don't think thie a misterpiece— Because it isn't right. But to writ· such cons. I shall not cease— Because it isu't right. In th· " R." I like to see my name, Or nom-de-plume, 'tis just the same. I dou't expect to get ц-eat f;une - Bvt'AU«· it iiU't light
I doM't do this for fun, you bet— Because it isn't right. No honour for it shall I get— Because it isn't right. But if to read you'll be so kind, 'Twill lift a weight from off my mind. Pray, don't criticise the undersigned— Because it isn't right. Apostrof». DECAPITATION. (Take away the first letter of a word leaving another word.) Wk are a gallant set of lade, That no one can gainsay ; We ne'er were laggards in the fight Or backward in the fray. There's none can sny that of the foe Wo ever were afraid, For steady and strong When marching along, Are the the boys of the " Old Brigade." In '54 we first were formed, To fight in the Crimea ; And eoon we taught the hated fo· 1 hat Britons knew no fear. And when into the " Malakoff " That gallant charge was made ; The first to next The gaping first Were the boys of the " Old Brigade." The " Mutiny " next followed on Tho Crimea's blood-stained track ; And off to India we went, To ught the rebels black. All through that long and awful time A noble part we plvyed ; Aud wo added fame To the glorious name Of the gallant " Old Brigade." And hardly had the "Mutiny " Been quelled a few short woeks, Ere fugitives came pouring in With pale and b'anching cheeks. They told how in Afghanistan, Their friends had been betrayed ; And the first to go To meet the foe Were the boys of the " Old Brigade," We marched along with aching Let, And faces pale and stern -, But th .ugh so footsore ¿out one's heart For vengeance »till did burn. And when the foeman came In sight, Our men could not be stayed ; We let them feel The flashing steel Of the boys of the " Old Brigade." Nino. CHARADE. A kino to govern our riddling band— Well?—perhaps—very likely ; By birth or prestige to hike communi — Well ?—perhaps—very likely ; Of purpose firm, sincere, and bold, Who thus the reins of power will hold, The intricate ways of the Sphinx unfold— Woll ?—perhaps—very likely. He must be a first of some repute— Well ?—perhaps—very likely ; Clever, ingenious, and very astute— Well ?—perhaps—very likely; Or like a bad pilot who fain would steer My next аз his charge, ne'er thiuk danger is near Till the strikes on a rock, but a wreck to appear— Well ?—perhaps—very likely. Do all wish to be king of our ri odling crew T Well?—perhars—very likely ; Each one to be s¡\ but accord him his due- Well ?—perhaps—very likely ; But my total is now for you to decide, For tho choice sti.l lies open, both varied and wide, To some jolly good fellow the honour confide— Well?—perhaps—very likely. Don't think I'm a cynic your favour to crave— WeU?—perhaps—very likely ; That I seek such distinction my prestige to save — Well ?— perhaps -very likely ; Vou all are moie clever by far than rne, That I ever should hope for such high degree, And the kingly robe wouldn't fit, dou't you s.c— Wtll?—perhaps—very likely. 11. C. Maksu. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (To Messrs. Schneider, Broad Arrow, and Co.) I vas sing you von beautiful lay, Der preetiest von ef er seen; Und I've written it too in a vay Dat vas vitty und defer I veen. I vas dedicate it to mine friends (Der names you vas see down pelow, Mine compliments to dem I sends), Messrs. Schneider, Broad Arrow, and Co. How I vish T vas you, mine dear poy«, How happy you surely must bo ; Oh, a man's life must, be full of joys Who v^ lif by dtj- Zuyder Zee,
But tell me vhy each von assumes Dor names dat are given pelow ? Oh, vhy vas you use nom-de-plume» f Messrs. Schneider, Broad Arrow, and Co. Pkrcy F. Boy». NARRATIVE METAOMEGRAM. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word expressed in the narrative.) I've tried to writ« a riddle- Once or twice, once or twice. B*t stuck, when in the middle- Once or twice, once or twice. I have started suoh a lot, But they sounded—oh, such rot, That I've thrown them where it's hot— Once or twice, once or twice. I've sung of " Jemmy Diddler "— Once or twice, once or twice. For them, search through th'e Riddler— Once or twice, once or twice. But our Ed. thought them too bad, Said " The author must be mad," Since then I have been quito sad— Onoe or twice, once or twice. Still I thought I'd try again— Once or twice, once or twice. The result to you'll be plain- Once or twice, once or twice. So ye " riddlers " don't despair, In your rage respect your hair, And your cons, will soon be there— Ouce or twice, once or twice. Fred Johnson (Manchester). 8. CONUNDRUM. To B. J. J. this con. I indite, And hope the riddlers will guess it aright. f'ray tell me what (to be very brief) Is always in trouble but never in grief. R. Armstronø. 9. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. FOUNDATION WOItDS. My primais form а precious stone, Its colour soft and bright, For finals search my cross words, and Auother you will sight. cross words. Through American soil this river flows, Where many α plant and floweret blows. Now this is used, I'm sure you'll say, When writing cons, for B. J. J. Here this a Christian name must be, A boy's no doubt you all will see. My last of the fox tribe spry, Aud has a keen and brilliant eye. W. L. Miller (GlasgowX NARRATIVE TRIO-GRAM. (Change the first three letters of a word to form another word expressod in the verses.) (With ample apologies to all who require them.) Of nights when we are lying in Our bi ds secure and warm, Wc hear the hov/ling of the cats, Which make us swear and storm. From bed we dash, the window sash We quickly open throw ; And in our hands wc hold a jug, To douse tho cats below. The tom-cat never thinks when he Begim his nightly verse That folks will very soon appear And cause him to disperse ; For ere he hardly has begun The introductory η to A shower of water swift deseeads And spoils his shining coat. Such things we nighily have to bear, I think it is a shame ; But Thomas never seems to car·, He still keeps up the game. Rat-trap.«, spring-guns, and poisoned m at, Hc sniffs at « ith disdain, No doubt he thinks it quite a treat To make our lives a bane. Nxuo.