THE PUZZLER. 1 478.-CHARADE.
The bappy home of childhood, how dear it is to me! Where the halcyon days of youth were paesed in mirth and joyous glee. No first its furrowed wrinkles worked upon my youth¬ ful brow : AU things looked fair and lovely. Ah ! I wish they looked so now! The rude rebuffs of worldly pride to me were then unknown ; But now the bitter fruit is reaped—all youthful friends have gone ! Yet though the world, with cold rebuff, has checked my youthful zeal, The influence of that ardour still I in my bosom feel; It spurs me on to battle life, to meet the strife with epirit, And earn thereby a rich reward—a name of sterling merit. My happy days are past and fled—my childish dreams are done, And now the bitter fruit is reaped—all youthful friends have gone ! In body last, I onward plod, still trusting in the world, A beck to Fortune's changing moods, with flag of Hope unfurled ; Though total I may truly be, I tread the upward road- Undaunted, trusting, hopeful still, on to the goal I plod, " A traveller on the world's highway," all single and alone, Pursuing paths bestrewed with thorns, while youthful friends have gone. R. F. Roberts. 479.-ENIGMAS. 1.— . Fab from all the noise and bustle Of the ever-busy town, Where the sun-dried willows rustle. And upon the stream look down, , There you'll find me ever growing ' 'Mong the weeds that there appear, While the streamlet, o'er me flowing, ¡ Murmurs music soft and clear. , 'Mid the cannon's noisy rattle ; Fluttering o'er the stormy seas ; Foremost in the bloody battle, 1 Waving in the smoky breeze. I am found in all these places, Soldiers' blood is oft my price, And on me the gazer traces Many a curious device. Where the hum of crowds is sounding In the thronged and dusty street, I'm continually resounding To the tread of many feet. jastly, now, my oalm advice is 1 From the lazy laggard flee, And adopt as your device this : Persevere and never me ! John Scott. 2.— 1. We travel much and very fast, Are always in the race ; And though we always are on foot, ' Can with the horse keep pace. We are not bent on any plan, Yet different sides we take ; And though we are as pris'ners bound, Do not a murmur make. 2. We never are upon the foot, Or ever in the race j We never travel very fast, Nor with the horse keep pace j But we are both as pris'ners bound, Yet sometimes do we kill ; And though we are so very sharp, We are devoid of skill. Joey Bbown. 480.-TRIPLE ACROSTIC. How pleasant on a primals' evo To centres with a finals fair Down by the river's side- To promise never to deceive, And praise her face, her eyes, her hair, Oh ! that soft eventide ! 1. A place that's famous for its tea, Well known, I'm sure, to you and me. 2. He rents his land ; and from another, Cut off his tail to give you bother. 3. 'Tis on your face when trouble's past ; Do unto it as to the last. 4. How niee it is to take a walk When skies are thus, and have a talk ! 5. To all the puzzles just do this, Or else the prizes you will miss. 6. The eagle, soaring in the air, Has this up with him, I declare. W. J. S. Pilfold. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 108. t\ For answers to Puzzler in No. 96, please see preceding page. t 2 3 A S b b f Ê t p