The Riddler.
ENIGMA. Poets have sung that at my grandsire's birth, Bright demi-gods transported stood around ; That mighty Pelion waved his head in mirth, And men grew heroes at the magic sound. Since from my cradle torn and native land An alien I became, what woes are mine ! My gallant form a minion dares command, From polar regions to the burning line ; Shackles my nervous limbs, impedes my force, To works of slavery consigns me o'er, Bathed in salt tears I take my destined ) course, And my loud sighs increase the tempest's roar. But though a captive on a mighty waste, Venus and Juno take me in their train, Like any belle with paint and powder graced, Like gay coquette, I often change my swain. Scorning a hat and gown I wear my stays, Devoid of legs and feet make many a run ; An Amazon engaged in bloody frays, I meet my enemy with loaded gun. In vi porous health 1 daily wear a shroud, Though dull and dead, of life and soul am full ; Thousands delight to sing my praise aloud, Sometimes I'm seen a sylph of plain John Bull. John Nash. 2. CHARADE. My first it is a great way off, My second's «anything ; Though at my humble whole you scoff, It bears the likeness of the king. John Nash. 3. PALINDROME. (A word which read backwards and forwards is the same.) I am a word of six letters, And a female's name as well, Perhaps you have heard it often, But that I cannot tell. And if this con., dear riddlers, Should puzzle your wits outright, Just wait, for next week's Comrades Will bring the answer to light. Nemo. DECAPITATIONS. I once beheld a maid, whose classic beauty Struck meas I had ne'er been struck bef ore. (To tell you how thie happened is a duty I undertake to let my musee soar.) A brick she threw at fowls in her flower bed, Of course she missed and hit poor me instead. Foul blows I can't digest (observe the pun !) But really she appeared to me so fair, That, blind with love (not bricks), I saw the sun Play nowhere but upon her golden hair : That hair so rare and fair (those rhymes are new) With dazzling splendour broke upon my view. " Fair maid," I gasped, "you made a great mistake By throwing at whatever met your sight ; If you had fired at me, I undertake, You would have iUiissed." Said she, " It served you right." " Nay ! Nay !" quoth I, " I think it served me wrong." Said she, "None of your jaw now, get along."
Angry at this my love grew into hate, I looked for something gentle to abuse, And glanced upon her hair in growing state, And then resolved on that to show my views, And yelled as through the gate I tried to waltz, " You dye your hair." She auswered back "'Tis false." I said I thought it was, I said no more, For fint and bricka around my body flew. I beat a quick retreat, and clambered o'er A ten-foot wall to dodge the things she threw. And now I vow, when free from loved-caused pain, I never mean to fall in love (?) again. J. Kennedy. RIDDLE. (Change the last letter but one in a word to form another word.) From first till eve the air was filled With noise of battle's roar, As one by one the warriors skilled, Sank down to rise no more. And when behind the western sky, The day-god sunk from sight, No more was heard the battle cry, Or sound of charging knight. The last shed out her feeble light, Upon the carnage drear, As if afraid to show the sight Of misery and fear. Where helplessly upon the ground The wounded warriors lay, Mangled by many cruel wounds, Which bled their lives away. R. Armstrong. 6. HIDDEN RIVERS. (1) He wore a band on his hat. (2) He will be paid on Monday next. (3) The boy never did such a thing. (4) It is, in truth, a mess of porridge. (5) That rent is due at Michaelmas. (6) The wasp re-entered the nest. J. H. Jones. 7. DECAPITATION. A musical instrument behead Another one you'll have instead. J. H. Jones. REVERSION. If you reverse a month of the year, The name of a tree will surely appear. J. H. Jones. 9. ENIGMA. I am pleasing to look at, in appearance most taking, And am fashioned in forms quite too numerous to count. To have me men quarrel and e'en take to " faking," I'm the source of earth's pleasure, of dis¬ pute the fount. So lovely am I (universally likenessed) Men, women and children I am used to adorn ; In windows, in ball-rooms—where else ?— many places ! Sometimes I am new, but more often I'm worn. Enough I have told you ; to find me's not hard. Without me in plenty some are unhappy— nay, vexed ! But if honest and upright, there is a reward ; If without me in this world, there are tons in the next !