The Riddler. 1.—CHARADES.
Modest she was and first—a charming girl' She wore a robe of fairest light sweet blue, And in her dress my next were coyly placed, Two hothouse buds of sheltered tender hue. Their hardy sisters had not ventured yet, For it was only Spring ; but wild birds' songs Proclaimed the threshold of the Summer nigh, As did the flowers in daily gatherings throng. Maude carries in her hand a basket small, And for my total sought the wood's wild side; Finding the pure, unsullied, modest flower, Springing mid last year's leaves both far and wide. George AeveI/EY. 2. An ! John had left our home that day, And to a first had made his way, With light and boyish tread. He went to seek the sea-gull's nest, But ere the sun sank in the West, They brought our brother dead !
' s d r Ah, Jack ! poor Jack ! 'twas hard to know That you, the boy ллге all loved so, Had gone for aye to rest. Years now have fled, but still the day I well recall. Yes, then there lay My next upon his breast. It was Jack's flower, his favourite flower, Oft for my whole in evoning hour We two had scaled that steep. Its golden blossoms loved we well, And in his grave my handfuls fell— And then I turned to weep, Georoe Arveley. 3.—REVERSION. Tue heav'ns in the last rays oľ sunset are blushing, Each birdie has flown to its nest in the tree, The brook warbles softly while o'er the stones gushing, As Elsie trips over the velvety lea. Her heart, full of joy, in her bosom, beats lightly, And, bird-like, is carolling pæans of joy, For the sunshine of Love o'er her pathway beams brightly, And clouds never gloom her cerulean sky. They Ьалхе met ! Ah ! how glad is the heart of the lover ! How joyous the thoughts of the beautiful maid ! AVhat ea\res-dropper first shall the secret dis¬ cover, That under the o'er arching heavens is said ? Just a question and " Yes!" Yet what joy beyond measure Is second by him, Avhich Time ne'er can remove ! None, but they who are lovers themselves, know the pleasure That's borne on tho Avings of the whisper of Love ! John P. Harrington. 4.—ENIGMA. I never was, but always am to be ; None ever saw me—you may never see ,· And yet I am the confidence of all Who live and breath on this terrestrial ball. The princely heir, his honours not yet blown, Still looks to me for his expected crown ; The miser hopes I shall increase his wealth ; The rich man prays me to restore his health ; The lover trusts m с for his destined bride ; And all Avho hopes or wishes have beside. Nqw name, but confide not, for still believe, That yon and everyone I still deceÍAre. A. Law. 5.—CHARADE. By boys and girls I am made welcome. Of me they've often fun to tell. And yet they scold me when I bite Their little feet .and fingers well. Now liaste and find out what I am ; It will not long your patience try To take me up and think awhile, And very soon my name you'l İ cry. R. R. S. 6.—SQUARE. 1. A noose. 2. Parfc of the neck. 3. Not closed. 4. A marque. G. Anstruther. 7.—HIDDEN LETTERS. (Forming the answer). My first is in cake, but not in bun, My second's in walk, but not in run, Third is in man, though not in boy, While next is in box, but not in toy. Fifth is in brick, but not in tile, Sixth is in—what ? Not yard, but mile ; Last is in much, but not in less, Answer's a fabric, now what is it ? Guess. G. Anstrutuer.
8.—DIAMOND. For ñrst put down a consonant, Then man's four-footed friend ; Third are those birds, one of whom Noah Did out from the ark send. Next is what AVilliam Wilberforce, Did for the slaves procure ; Which Avas the means of uniting Their happy homes once more. Fifth is the name for he or she, Who sits upon a throne ; Next come to cheer and talk to mo, When I am quite alone. I dearly seventh my mother, Who sits before me now ; And hearty looks, although next has Marked f urro avs on her broAv. For last set down a consonant, And then you will proclaim That, read down or across, this con. Will tfive a ruler's namo. G. Anstruther. Answers to Last "Week's Biddies, 1. A newspaper. 2. Because her nature is Low(e), her eyes are Bright, and her head Dizzy (Disraeli). 3. Gladstone. 4. Japan and Greece, δ. Behind. G. Starling. 7. Out- Wit. Thus : Out-groW, Uzal, Tom-tiT. Why should Ave never be frightened at the appearance of a ghost ? Because, if it is a ghost, its appearance must, in the nature of things, be immaterial. A butcher being told that in thc days of the millennium the lion and tho lamb will lie clown together, said : "he expected the lamb would lie down inside the lion." It is said that a pretty pair of eyes are the best mirror for a man to shave by. Exaetly so ; and it is unquestionably the case that many a man has been shaved by them. If a man doubles his fists, does he not also double his fingers and thumbs ? And if he doubles his fingers and thumbs, how many fingers and thumbs does he then have ? He lived a life of glorious ease, JJe'er soiled his hands by labour ; And seldom prayed upon his кпеея5 But often on his neighbour. Rather Cautious.—An old gentleman of Penobscot, who is very careful of his health, generally makes a point of airing his umbrella before using ifc, for fear he should take cold. Very rarely, and, indeed, Holmes says never, do you hear а ллготап make a pun. And when you do hear the one she does make, yoa don't wander that ahe never tries İt again. A certain doctor having heard a villago poet repeat some verses on a scolding Avife, was so delighted with them as to request a copy. " There is no necessity for that," said the jioet, " as you have got the original." ■■ Ahem ! So here I am betAveen two tailors !" said a dandy at a public table, where a couple of young tailors were seated. " Very true," said one. " We are bufc beginners, and can afford to keep only one goose between us." "I bear no enmity to any man," says an Irish repealer, "for calling me a limb of Antichrist, and telling me I must necessarily go to the devil as a follower of the Pope. Certainly such language is not civil, and I am convinced it is not true. But there is little wisdom in quarrelling with men for mere incivility, or for a mistaken view of my ' chances of salvation.