THE CHILDREN'S PAGE.
I. SCRIPTURE QUESTIONS. Prize Offer. We offer a prize of Ios. 6d. and another of 5s. for the best answers to the following Scripture questions :- I.-Give in your own words an account of a ship- wreck described in the New Testament. 2.-Mention three instances from the Bible in which divine messages were conveyed in dreams. 3.-Write five verses, in which angels are men- tioned by name. One of the verses must be from the Old Testament. 4.--Explain the meaning of the following verse, and say by whom and under what circumstances it was written : " Knowing that shortly I must put off this my tabernacle, even as our Lord Jesus Christ hath showed me." II. PUZZLES. Prize Offer. We offer a prize of tos. 6d. and another of 5s. for the best solutions of the following puzzles :- CHARADES. My dear, this whole I send to you, A token of my friendship true ; I trust you'll first it, hold it fast, And prize it if but for my last. My first is made of corn that's ground, My second in every house is found ; My whole just peeps above the ground, And wears a little cap that's round. Along the streets my first doth hasten, My second is akin to me ; My third's a verb, and means to fasten, And from my whole I hope you're free. My first a word of letters two and sometimes even three, And in it when travelling you're often glad to be ; My second is a word which naughty children say When they're told to go to bed and mean to disobey; My third's a coin which, if thou'lt guess, perhaps I'll give to thee; And my whole is what good children are always sure to be. RIDDLES. (I) I am composed of three letters. My first is a verb, my second is an oval, my third a vowel. What am I? (2) What is both hot and cold at the same time ? (3) My whole w.as a distinguished Scotch reformer ; behead me, I am a Latin noun ; behead me again, I am an animal. (4) Which is the most inactive plant ? BURIED CITIES. (I) The month of October never is very cold. (2) She would as lief scrub as learn a hard lesson. (3) There was an iceberg engraved on the silver pitcher. (4) You must quit overworking or you will be ill. (5) He knew her at once by her peculiar gait.
(6) Can you command a layman to do what is the pastor's work ? (7) I love nice wicker-work. (8) The convicts are all sombre men, I should say, when they do such heavy work. BURIED GULFS AND BAYS. (i) Is carbon, Avis, taken from the earth ? (2) Suppose we, for fun, dye the horse blue. (3) I have seen Booth, I am sure, in Hamlet. (4) You can stamp a piece of canvas for a tidy. HIDDEN TOWNS. I know I have nice gloves. Did you see papa rise in the midst of them ? Don't wake Nap, lest he bite you. A clever artisan, Francis Conway by name. That naughty boy, with arms akimbo, stoned a cat. HIDDEN BIRDS. The name of a great hero never dies. I met Rob in the city of New York. He saw a Turk eyeing her from his seat. The fine house that I saw in Boston is now rented to a lady of great wealth. GEOGRAPHICAL ENIGMA. The initials of the following words in order will give the name of a town where a battle was fought in the thirteenth century. (I) The birthplace of a great reformer. (2) A town celebrated for a victory gained by Wel- lington. (3) A town in Normandy celebrated for woollen manufactures. (4) A town in Scotland noted for an ancient castle. (5) A seaport in Kent. (o) A city of Turkey in Europe. (7) A flourishing and commercial city of France. RIDDLEMEREES. My first is in water, ;but not in land, My second in foot, but not in hand, My third is in lark, but not in wren, My fourth is in five,- but not in ten, My fifth and last in eagle you'll see ; My whole, a general brave was he, Who died in a moment of victory. I'm not in the city, but dwell in a town, I'm not in a dress, but I am in a gown ; I am not in a street, but I am in a road, And though I am idle, I help in a load; I am not in a trunk, though I'm kept in a box, I am not with keys, but I am in the locks;. I am not in a bed, but I am in its cover, But I'll stop, or the answer too soon you'll discover. RULES. (i) Answers to the Scriptu; e questions and solutions of dze puzzles set this month must be sent inr by October Ioth, addressed to The Prize Editor, WOMAN AT HOME Office, 27, Paternoster Row, E.C. (2) Envelopes should be marked on the outside " Children's Page.' (3) The address and age, as well as the name, of the sender must be given. All child, en under fiftcen are eligible for the competitions.