THE PUZZLER. 297.-PICTORIAL REBUS.
Г 298DOUBLE ACROSTIC
ACROSTIC. 1. When with a much-loved friend we part, 'Tis this that often rends the heart. 2. This an Italian lute will name ; 3. A portion of the human frame. 4 The meaning of this word is clear ; 5. A noted English town you've here. 6. An angle this will bring to mind, Which on your arm you're sure to find. 7. A Roman emperor next see : A tyrant of the worst degree. 8. In this a weapon you'll detect ; 9. This means to leave oat or neglect. 10. To find this town if you incline, Just search for it in Palestine. A great inventor will be seen On reading primals down ; The finals same will doubtless name A poet of renown. J. W. Mum.
601 and Tire his ten , 1051 „ 106 „ Neat . . . 100 „ Hit work . . 500 „ Or Nero . , 1150 „ Elbe war . , , 150 „ Ha Loir . . 1101 „ O sup sour ! , . 601 „ Pun root . , 1050 „ 1101 „ U heat R . , 1100 „ Rank fear U ., 1050 „ I heart sot . 500 „ Yes, do ten • 1050 „ Ba . . . . 1500 „ Una yawn. . The initials and finals, works of a lately decea ised 299.—ARITHMOREM. A city of Germany. A town of Italy. Used in hunting. A town of Suffolk. A town of Piedmont. A village in Surrey. One of the Leeward Islands. Confused. Bringing forth. A town in Italy. Disease of the muscles. A town in Hungary. Having equal heat. Rocks in the English Channel. A young sheep. A town in Ireland. down, name two celebrated author. J. Quinn.
300.—CHARADES. 1.—My first's a term by Scots applied to man ; The word is simple—guess it, if you can. My next a word is, and a letter, too— Both word and letter may be found in you ; My third's a word we oft use for intended ; My whole's erected to a life that's ended. 2.—In a sweet shady covert, at break of day, I, surrounded by trees, in a reverie lay, And this spot as my first I reckoned. But soon came a change where the shade had been, When the sun shed its golden rays o'er the scene, And the birds sweetly sang from their leafy screen, For my first, then, was full of my second. I listen'd, as bird after bird gave throat, And the harmony swell'd with its joyous note, Such music I'd never heard. To such sounds I could listen from dawn to dawn j But I left the sweet spot, for now the morn Was advanced, and the dark and the shade were gone, For my first of my second was third. In this charming retreat if with me you had been, As you gazed with delight on the beautiful scene, You'd have owned it was really my whole. V. R. Carloss. 3.—My first a race of bipeds is— Their name I pray you tell ţ For though you know them but in part, I'm sure you know them well. My second is a prefix, In Noah Webster's view, Denoting "separation," "from," •'Negation," number "two." If told the prisoner in the moon To free from his duress, The best objection you could make, My third does well express. What is my whole, then ? Can you guess ? Than what I say I'll not say less ; No, truly, and no more ! The secret is not yet betrayed : 'Tis aye in humble garb arrayed, And in condition poor. Mind you, 'tis not confined to sex, And, further still, your wits to vex, It moves from door to door. T. B. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 55. *„,* For answers to Puzzler in No. 45, please see preceding page.