THE PUZZLER. 412.-PICTORIAL REBUS.
WHO c^ Щ 413.-ENIGMAS. 1,— I'm in the Burhampooter found, Though not in India seen ; Of Hampton Court I form a part, Though not of England's Queen. In Father Thames I take a place, Though nofc in London found ; In Noah's Ark I shelter took When all the world was drowned. In shambles, too, I take my stand, Though in the stalls I'm not j I always lived with Abraham, But never did with Lot. I'm found within Southampton, too, But never in the Sound ; Of Hampshire hogs a part I form, And oft am sold by pound. Joey Brown. 2.—How varied are my uses for the good of all man¬ kind ! What diff'rent shapes and sizes in each country you may find ! In England I am brought to light, in Scotland I am there— In short, I will at once confess, you'll find me everywhere. 1. In every hall, in every cot, where live the rich and poor; In all the great and mighty ships that sail the waters o'er ; In every coach, in every gig, though own'd by men renowned ; In vehicles of every kind you'll find that I abound. 2. Far swifter than the swiftest horse, across the ground I speed ; The wind, the rain, or thunder, in the least I do not heed, ' But travel, travel onward, till I reach my journey's end; And though I slay both rich and poor, you'll own that I'm your friend. 3. At the battle of Sedan, scores of men by me were slain, And I can safely say, by me, that hundreds suf¬ fered pain ; 4. And that the wounds of many men received at Waterloo, At Weissenberg, at Forbach, and at Strasburg, I did do ; But now no more : 'twill take too long to tell all forms to you. Thos. Hutchinson. 414.—CHARADES. 1.—The dewdrops sparkle on the grass, The white doe flies with speedy bounds, And hurrying with all first, doth pass The hunter and his stanch deer-hounds. And over crag, thro' dell and brake, They've held the chase the live-long day j But stooping, as if thirst to slake, Beside a spring, it fades away. The hunter leans at close of day Down bythe second's haunted brim j But starts he back, as well he may : A maiden rises, outlined dim ! Distincter, lovelier, she grew, And to the hunter soft did glide— Alas ! afar from mortal view That hunter does for ever bide ! The whole, a modest little flower, Uprose beside the haunted spring, And seems to tell of fairy power, To odours faint that round it cling. J. W. Musgrave. 2.— Marina was my first, a vain, Conceited country lass, Her features rather thin and plain— One eye, they say, was glass. She never wore upon her breast My second's lovely bloom, Although, before she went to rest, She took α drop of rum. Her breath, accordingly, was not So pleasant as my whole, I wot. Geo. J. Bell, Jcn. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appea-r in No. 88. *** For answers to Puzzler in No. 76, please see , preceding page.