THE PUZZLER.
542.—THREE PRIZE LOGOGRIPHS. By C. Hemmings. 1.— Ye riddling bards, entire to you A law the word does mean j But if bereft of head to view, A time that will be seen ; Behead again, you get in lieu The French for " no," I ween. Backwards and forwards Pm the same : There's naught in me at all ; Cut off my head, there does remain A preposition small : Behead once more, and I am fain To live in women all. 2.— Upon the back my form, you'll own, Is seen in numbers great ; To criminals this mark is known, And schoolboys oft the same have shown ; Behead, and then I state A kind of food, of colour white : For pieces of it dogs will fight. Again, if you cut off my head, The apples on the tree Are said to be this if they are red ; Behead, transpose, you'll have instead What may be liked by thee ; Once more behead, and then you'll view Two brothers that are known to you. In fire one lives ; the other, he In water loves to roam ; Restore, curtail, and you will see What may be often done by thee ; Behead, away from home This one you take far o'er the sea, Around you mirth and jollity. 3.— Intact, in the far-famed G. J., My name does oft appear j A clever riddler, you will say, Is brought to view, 'tis clear. I won α prize for Hidden Words— A prize that pleasure me affords. If my form you turn inside out, A race 'twill be, I wis j A valiant race, without a doubt, A man also is this ; Just twist me inside out again, A dwelling's brought to view, 'tis plaiu. Cut off my head, and then transpose, Au Irish rdaid you'll вее ; A playmate to the English rose You'll own this one to be. Cut off my head, transpose, in view Appears a scull. Riddlers, adieu 1 543.—CHARADE. The heat of my first had compelled me to rest, So I threw myself down in the shade, And obeying the spirit of ennui's behest, I fell into my next in the glade. A vision I had of the scenes of my youth. In the old country home far away, Where naught was permitted save candour and truth, And I lived in monotonous way. My boyish ambition, my hopes of success, My quickly-passed schoolboy career ; And on leaving my home mother's parting caress, While her blue eyes were dimmed with a tear. All passed panorama-like, yet it seemed real- Seemed mem'ry unfolding her scroll ; But soon my awaking displeased the ideal— I found it was only my whole. J. Scott. 544.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. The house and pigs by him were burnt, So wrote a Mr. Lamb ; But there's no doubt his readers all He meant with it to cram. He touched the pigs, the writer says, And burnt his fingers sore ; Ho clapped them in his mouth, and then He tasted it once more. Just at the time his pa came home, And by his son's advice He took a piece of burnt pig's flesh, And ate, and said 'twas nice. They ate away till they dispatched Both sow and litter, too ; And every time they had young pigs, They had a house quite new. I. You all may think that this it is That Charlie Lamb does say j 2. But if you had a dish of this, You'd eat it all, I lay ; 3. For it is this of all the etews That ever you did eat ; 4. With this, transposed, 'tis seasoned well, Aud nothing can it beat. Joeï Beown. The answers to Puzzler in this Number will appear in No. 130. %* For answers to Puzzler in No· 118, please see preceding page. c