THE PUZZLER.
1 333.—PICTORIAL REBUS 334.-CHARADE. Joyful, joyful, happy morning, Orient Sol the land adorning ; Nature's hue of richest green Lent enchantment to the scene, And stillness reigned around. And borne there was upon the breeze i The pleasant humming of the bees, And music's magic sound. A plaintive voice was heard to sing, In thrilling accents did it ring Upon the ambient air ; And as 1 looked upon the scene It seemed as if it were a dream— A lovely, wild, transporting trance- Like some wild maze, when in a dancs With any second fair. As I still looked, I saw a sight Which filled me with a strange delight : A beauteous firet oame out to greet Th' assembled party, who did meet ¡ Her with a floral shower. Expensive gifts and bouquets rare Were given to this primal fair . In one unceasing shower ; And when she left them they were dumb With admiration: everyone Was charmed at her ways. My primal's praise was loud and long, Like one meledious, pleasant song : Her beauties rare all did commend. Extolled and lauded without end In poems, odes, and. lays. We change the scene, and hear the toll Of marriage bells ; my lovely whole Is seen in gorgeous array : It is my primal's wedding-day, And all is mirth and bliss. She, for whom my last is whole, Has given heart and inmost soul, And wedded now she is. The azure of the heavenly sky Enraptures man's untutored eye Upon this wedding-day ; And all is quietude and gladness, Not marred by any grief or sadness- One round of pleasure. Now to you, Dear reader, must I bid adieu, And close my wedding-lay. R. P. ROBERT3. 333.—DOUBLE ACROSTIC. The power of first is past. For he is now my last ; May war and strife soon cease, And France once more be peace. A town in Wales please bring to mind ; A Scottish poet's birthplace find. This man in music did excel ; A mountain where the gods did dwell. A gulf in which Cervantes fought ; And this a bill which needs some thought. A fruit that's brought from o'er the sea ; A foreign river endeth me. Thos. Lidgerxon. 336.-CONUNDRUMS ON POETS. 1.—What poet was very like a swallow ? 2.—What poet was very sheepish ? 3.—What poet was very painful ? 4.—What poet had most pain ? δ.—What poet is often shot ? 6.—What poet do most people wear. J. W. Musűrave. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 65. %· For answers to Puzzler in Np, 53, please see preceding page.