jjpPL" ¶OUR MENT. NARRATIVE ..METAGRAMS. o1 he r in the narrative " o
ou remember dear, that happy priig.time oYn everything wan budding ianto life P When all the orotten was dark winter's strife? Do you remember how, our hearts awakening Beneath the touch of Love's soft; tender hand, e both resigned them o his golden keeping, ecause against his o wewe could not stand? crown of shining gladness wasour meed, And that, dear love, was happiness indeed. Doon remember yet that smiilnig summer D hen love seemed growing to a greater love ? Esab passing day but servedto9 bring us nearer To bliss like that which reigns.supreme above. 1yon remember how, our vows exchanging D love and faithfulness which ne'er should cease, Of trust through doubts, and confidence in sorrow, Until our hearts were full of cloudless peace? We sealed the pledge with one'soft, sweet caress, And thus we reached our height of happiness. D ou remember that dark, changing autumn When first your love for me was growing cold. hen 'mid alternate shades and deepening shadows I caught but now and then a glimpse of gold P Do you remember how you grew impatient When once you saw my eyes were full of tears, And half in pain and half in anger chiding, o bade me banish all my foolish fears P Alas for me I I saw behind your scorn The ruthless herald of chill winter's dawn. , Do you remember that cold, bitter winter, When you found out your cruel, sad mistake, And told me that your fancied love had faded, Indifferent if my wounded heart. should break ? Do you remember how I bade you leave me To bear my grief and agony alone P But, ah I I hardly knew how much I loved you Until I found in truth that you had gone I Spring, summer, autumn, still the.world may see, But life is one long winter, dear, to me. NE4na4 WATSO, Cheshunt, He was a.man of nerve, and sinew strong As a wild bull; one blow from his huge fist Might fell an ox; his massive jaw was long ; His teeth, well set, so sharp that they. could grist The toughest steak ; could sing a song In bass would hush your choir or organist; An eye so fierce-the reader.here must wait, Ito gliams take half a dozen lines to state. He had seen many dangers, and his eye Was like the ocean-restless and deep blue; Would, had you pluck enoughto pass close by, Have shot a penetrative glance at you. 'Twas not a villain's, full of villainy, But seemed, as 'twere, to pierce you through and through; He had a lowering look, also a plan_ Of looking like a half.bred gentleman. He was a man of means, and what he meant Was ventured always with a good intent ; He borrowed not ; 'tis said he often lent To friends well-nigh the slender sum he spent On taxes, coal bills, and the yearly rent; They were with thanks profusely eloquent, Bat paid not more, yet these were blent With every compliment mind could invent. Had wedded once or twice, perhaps not well- His wife was ranked a little 'neath his station; But when he loved he did not love to dwell, SOn grade to please or displease his xelation. He married her forlove, what then befell He cared not, for his keen imagination' Gave charm seraphic to the plainest creature Nature forgot to endow with fairest feature. He knew much of the sea, and warfare he Had plunged in- just a little at odd times; Shed little gore, more shed inured to see; E'en though he sinned, his faults were rarely crimes. His heart was human, and his conscience free, Though filling coffers with ill-gotten dimes He'd lopped off now and then a pirate's head, Still, when it was the fashion, naught was said, LuoEsnus, Claughton. 3,-I loved her, and she loved me, too- Her heart was all my own ; She was my pet, my darling Sue, The sweetest ever known. She had a most enouanting face, Bright auburn was her hair; So fall of symmetry and grace-- The fairest of the fair. She had an ankle, oh, so neat! Her nose was fiat and short ; Large bunions grew upon her fee}, And all her teeth were bought. She had a squint about the eyes, But that was caused by love ; Her ears beat elephant's in size- In fact, she was a hove. She told me when I went to woo To find a house to let. I failed. She beat me black and blue, - And-we're not'married yet I HECTOa. G (To H. W. Offord.) - 4-food health to you ir end the season's Best wishes Lucceius.does send; H. C. has a thousandfold reasons Fnr writing in co. with his friend. Though if you will credit this story As brother and " ournament" knight, Lncceius abscdnds Piitl the glory, B. C. bears the b unt of the.fight. We are twins I will say unreserved, As like as two peas save in name - We trust your laudation's deEerved, And are ever, yours truly, the same, -f. C. AND, LUCCEIUS. ANAGRAMS ON ISLANDS. l land's not far away--Ihear the breakers roar; be on the rooks in.half in hour or more. Sgo that way and meet us at the stile - -snot take her long, for it's scarcely half a mile. p the shells and so form a slender tower, e we can fancy we have a fairy bower. "mut be very quick and follow Charles and us, r ibha have torun to eatch the omnibus. fodpleasanr vale 'mid shelt'ring trees, Sthe truants lounging at their ease. a ettend you now I'm late, you see, Ppected home in time for tea. ae'aoas youth *s oft heemless, ewe knowo o ne'er aolnt the cost, o0,a thoghte'en bestow. g 11t ... .oin hap. Thein 'tis quite plain .to me , don't b tyle a poor hoiusewife you'll- be;" Ii the aool,Ned, resistance is vain; atht you ourtPinly merit tfe:cane. hlts DROP LETTEiR PUZZLE. M D- .- nniattea I urned-t n he blank apace;i willname - far Well- knowaproveibsi ,i. i- ( e-. t-o.e -h. .l itgea.lse. 2F:.i.t -e.r-n-v-ir, '. . W.ee -h -lrw.. tee-a l a,-.t 4. Tm- -d --.-ai~iOPE Hn ·Hl
NARRATIVE -PREOE-OMEGRLM.- (Change the 'lst:lOtter but oneot a word to form another iord, 'expresesed inthe narrative.) - 7.- Do I hold it unfair to the seasons To dress in the costumelI do'P Or is there the faintest of reasons To think that my maxin's untrue P Do my friends with whom dress is a passion Commend my good style, and agree P No, no; they are all in the fashion, All, all except me. That man who was reared in an attic,- And whose pride is his betters to ape, Because it looks aristocratic, Has purchased a coat with a cape; And therefore is filled full of loathing At all things called common or cheap, In his pride quite forgetting sheep's clothing Suits no one but sheep. This man with whom life is not sunny, And who struggles in poverty's ditch, Though be knows that he hasn't much money, Tries hard to make out that he's rich, And so to the world puts a dash on, And jogs discontentedly through; But then he is quite in the fashion, So what can he do P Another, whose ways are not flasher Or grander than that which is good, Is cut by his neighbour, the masher, Because he won't dress as he should; And though in good time he'll grow hardened In manner, and not care a stitch, To be poor is a sin never pardoned By those who are rich. Yes, I know I'm sarcastic and crabby, And I think it's good time I was so, When 'tie reckoned a crime to be shabby, And poverty's vulgar and low. Shall I ever make dress, then, my passion ? Are my moments worth wasting to try P No, no; I am not in the fashion, Thank goodness, not II Toss. NARRATIVE META-OMEGRAM. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative) 8.-Oh, Spring, Spring, Spring,. So fickle, uncertain, and coy, Oh, where, and oh, where are the "birds on the wing," The "cool. fragrant winds," and "the flowers you bring P'" And where the bright sunshine that some poets sing Is a beautiful thing and a joy P Oh, Spring, Rpring, Spring, You have treated us shabby, I vow : With your grim, yellow fogs, and your cold, sleety rain You have plagued our poor city again and again, Till even a Stoic with grief might complain At the state of the weather we know. Oh, Spring. Spring, Spring. Deceitful, and cruel, and sly, No matter who knows you, 'tis ever the way That November weather you give us in May, 'Till few in their hearts will be grieved when I say, " Good-bye, gay deceiver, good-bye I" FIGARo. META.OMEGRAM. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word.) 9.-Since I am so gay-hearted to-night, I'll just get my paper and ink, A first for the "T." to indite, Without hesitating to think. Though my voice is far from being strong, As my heart is so joyous and free, I'll sing just a nice little song To praise the dear maids of the " T." The-songs that so sweetly they sing Wake fancies of neot in my mind, And gladness ahd rapture they bring As ifiby the Graces consigned., I oft yearn to join in the fight, But my muse is o'eroome still with glee; And my heart dances wild with delight When I hear the dear maids of the " T." Oh, long may united they sing Their ditties so loving and sweet, That the air with their praises may ring, And the hopes of their fancy complete. May peace and contentment for aye Byprovidence showered on them be, And happiness gladden alway The dear, honest maids of the " T." WILD BRIAn, Lamplugh,. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another.word, expressed in the narrative.) 10.--'Twas really a splendid Affair, though it ended In something like smiting And general fighting' But still it began well, This concert in Hanwell, Down, down below. You see, Lord le Diable- Very reliable 1-- Invited a party In alphabet hearty, By " tele." from Hades- Some gents and some ladies- Down, down below. And we met there Mephisto, And wily M. Christo, And Miss Mephistopho, M'Goosely and Droffo, And smart Nellie Watson, Who'd come to see what's on, Down, down below. Well, we sang and recited, Were dapsed, meekl, and nightad; And toasts each proposing, With some of us dozing, Till Mr. Philander Mugg raised all our dander Down, down below. He said, "' Let's be jolly, And revel in folly I" And started proceedings With bruises and bleedings; But then we bereft him Of senses, and left him Down, down below. So some of us managed All bloody and'damaged, To in the street stagger. With pistdl and dagger, And leave the-board ftestal In charge of a vestal, Down, down below. SILVER SHIELD, BUBIED CITIES AND TOWNS. 11.-Two splendid catches terminated the niatch. Will you please bring me a large cup, Arthur ?: Will'roukeep some coffee for me, mother P We have.not hadreither east winds or frost disring this week. You havesnot laid a jug of water for dinner, James. We caSnottake the house iUnless you will paper the walls.--FIBBEBTIGIBnET. * HIDDEN FLOWERS. -: . 1l2-Will yeu fetch ii a cup of water, please P MWadam, I rise to order. Come, Pedro. see what a pretty flowieioI have. I think Rhoda is younger than she 1lokas' Shi -is stich-a rebellions girl. -It has now droppedright throuigh thie skylight. A leaf, orgetmenote-paper andeinvolopes; pleise.-asu. GUmaMnoE
NARRATIVEa MEU OUnBLE -OM 1EG'li. . (Ohang the first and two last -lttis :otl word to oin another word, expressed in the narrative.) (Night.) 13.-I'm sitting with countenance pensive 'Alone in my garret in gloom; In mind, I have masures defensive, In numbers not few, but extensive, Desires bomoirlical loom. Can nothing displace this depression, To dlive from my mind That thought, well defined, Of broker and man in possession P As I am deprived of the pleasure Of light e'en, that luxury cheap, I'll study the moon at my leisure; It seems to dispel in a measure My care, which away will not keep. Indeed, it requires not confession That thoughts drear will lurk When you cannot well shirk The broker and man in possession. S(Morning.) The sun now is cheerfully shining, A herald of woe much too bright; -But what is the use of repining P My small stock of hope though's declining, Which came with the sun's gratis light. 'Twill need an amount of discretion With language, I feel, When I have to deal With broker and man in possession. (Five days after.) The terrible blow has descended, My chattels they've surely removed; The ruin's too great to be mended ; My hopes now completely are ended, A glance round my dwelling has proved. And yet I'm more free from oppression, For with my effects, As one truly expects, Has departed the man in possession. J. STooCs, Lambeth. NARRATIVE PALINDROME. (A word which read backwards or forwards is still the same, ex- pressed in the narrative.) (With adclnmowledgments to P. Wyatt, C. Farncombe, and S. Do Bear respectively.) 14.-Read the " Tourney" 'Tother day, Saw P. Wyatt Wrote a lay; Metre same as This and-oh, Very funny, Don't yer know. Then again the Other day, Few weeks after, By the way, Read the " Tourney " Going home; Saw a lay by C. Farncombe. Metre same as This, and-oh, Very funny, Don't yer know. Things went on the Same old way, Night was night, and Day was day. Youecg Folks Paper, Sweetest boon, Read it morning, Night and noon. But this morning, While I sat Sipping doffee (Good bis, that), Like a warrior Or sage, Swallowing the ," Tourney " page, Started quickly From my chair. Gracious I now here's S. De Bear Sings another Little lay. Yes, by Caesar, And hooray! Metre same as ,This, and-oh, Very funny, Don't yer know. J. W. SEWELL. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is it wor.l 15.-On a colour, my friends, My primal depends, And bright is the tint 'tis displaying; And neat, you all know, As observance will show, Surprise or confusion's betraying. My whole is a bird Which ofttimes is heard In summer-time merrily singing; When winter wind blows, To southward it goes, And returns when the flowers are springing. MANDARIN. 16.-" No, sir, I am no first of his, And yet wish him no harm, I wis." In a cottage sits a maiden Waiting for her Jack to come; For his neat has been unladen, And he soon will be at home. In this world of cant and talk Whole is often counterfeit; But when in the streets you walk You see it when two old friends meet. IRON MAsK. 17.-Second is sometimes built of first, If you guess this con. aright ; Whole is the name of a town in Suffolk, Which now please bring to sight. F. E. HIND, Hull. ACROSTIC. (A word.or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 18.-Read my primals through and through, Then a bird yonu'll surely view; He may be observed on high, Singing sweetly in the sky. Creos Words. For first a fruit please find, And I will deem you kind. Don't be pierplexed, An insect's nezt. And then a bird You'll have for third. While last's a useful toy Known well by ev'ry boy. HECTOB. NUMERICAL CHARADE. (A word, the letters of which form other words when rearranged as the numbers direct.) 19.--Nearness in place, you'll see, Is what the whole is said to be. 1, 5, 2, 13, 4, next you'll f id Is a ramble of a certain kind, The 6 tdi 13next discover, SA situation you then-uncover. The 4,. 3, please don't misuse, For Johnson says it's.to " acuanse. "
(.h.. ge h. o- ,METAGRAIS. ".'" : (Change the iret letter of a word to form another iord) 20.-I like yoing ladies Near, kinder near; I don't like Hades "Neari kinder near- I like it far away; But the reason may tfrst clear- I may get there some day, Did I fear, kinder feat. I like sweet kisses Near, very near; But not snake's hisses Near, very near. Perhaps it is because The serpent's far from here, And neglect of all its laws Makes last fear, kinder fear. My ma-in.law is Near, oh, so near; She likes me, I wis, Near, oh, so near. I wish that she would go From my domestic sphere; That she won't, I'd have you know, I now fear, kinder fear. I like the honey Near, yes, quite near; And I like honey Near, yes, quite near ; But bees I do detest, For one day, far from here, Some settled on my chest- Made me fear, kinder fear. se AN Dp r9, 21.-I anxiously wait first the Wednesdays come, When I purchase the Young Folks and carry it homn 1 Then I open it just at the "Tournament" page, Where the riddlers in pen-and-ink warfare engage. Queen Marion's the first in the" Tournament" "h ron Then Nellie and Lilian with sweet riddling song " Though of the bold knights little mention I'll mia-.- For instance, there's Philander, " he takes the s.} I second always enjoy the Young Folks, All the stories and poems, riddles and jokes; I trust that prosperity ever will bless The Ed.-" his shadow, may it never grow less." MAGGIE CONQUERa, Newca§y. 22.-Of a fish caught in regions cold, If I to ask may be so bold, Just please to change the head of this, Then you'll reveal a tasteful dish. H. RonIrsoN, Shefeld. ENIGMAS. 23.-There is a little thing That's found in many lands; Although it teaches multitudes Yet nothing understands. 'Tis found in every kingdom, Yet not in earth or sea; And in all sorts of timber, Yet not in any tree. And in all sorts of metals, Bat yet, as I am told, 'Tis not in iron, brass, Tin, silver, nor in gold. It never was in Italy, In Rome it still appears; It comes in every moment, Yet not in twenty years. Old England cannot show it, Nor Scotland, as men say; But in Westminster and Cambridge You may see it every day. Although you never think of it, 'Tis never out of mind; And always in its proper place, Indeed, you may it find. J. W. NoB. 24,-We travel mntoh'byet' pris'ners are, " lose co'ne t: And close confined to boot; We with the swiftest horse keep pace, Yet always go on foot. J. Davls TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.l 25,-In barren lands, where disease dwells With rancid growth and struggling life ; Where gaunt.limbed trees the story tells Of Nature's woe with famine rife; Where foatid streams of sluggish ways Traverse the land in sulky sloth; Where vapours foul by nights and days Reveal the hand of God's fist wrath-- This dwelling-place I'd give to thee, For next you would well fit the drear And barren home, eternity, As one of love and kindness bare. W. A. LANGSTON, Poplar. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 26.-Tom Jones he was a curious chap As ever walked beneath a cap; Of first he had a score: A dog, a monkey, and a cat, A dove, two white mice, and a rat, Of gainea.pigs he'd four. And really 'twas a sight to see Him underneath a shady tree Arrange them side by side; And then last back a little space To watch them, with his jovial face Aglow with honest pride. MANDARIN. BURIED CASKET OF GEMS. 27.-You must rub your hands with pumice.stoga, think I will paint my top azure blue. I must fin4 gatp for I cannot leap that hedge. That pear looks overrio You had better mop all the carriage windows. I as}, gl14 I am on duty to-night. The accident to the cigar nettol the conjurer. You will find Miss J. as pert as eva ~ ue was.-FLIBBERTIGIBBET.