THE CHILDREN'S PAGE.
l. SCRIPTURE QUESTIONS. PRIZE AWARD. The best answers to the Scripture Questions set in the July number were those of BELLA MANN, 9, Viewforth Street, Dundee, to whom a prize of los. 6d. is awarded, and JOSEPH PAIGE, 7, Weymouth Road, Frome, Somerset, who receives a prize of 5s. PRIZE OFFER. We offer a prize of ios. 6d. and another of 5s. for the best answers to the following Scripture questions :- I. Give the names of two men whose lives measured the whole time between the creation and the flood. 2. Quote a passage or passages in which the whole time of man's life in this world is called a day. 3. Give a geographical quotation taken by a sacred writer from a work known to us only by name. II. PUZZLES. PRIZE AWARD. The best solutions of the puzzles. set in the July number were those of AGNES MURPHY, 20, Clifton Road, Littlehampton ; GEORGE GORE, 9, Hereford Road, Seaforth, nr. Liverpool; WILLIAM FRASER, Floral Cottage Row, Dumbartonshire, who each receive a prize of 5s. Prizes of books have also been awarded to the following :- John Thain, Gouckstone, Dinnet, by Aberdeen; Jane Norah King, 4, Broomhill Avenue, Partick, Glasgow; Thomas Metcalfe, 7, Market Place, Guis- borough, Yorks; Willie Smith, Mountsorrel, near Loughborough; Nellie Bromley, 33, Durley Road, Stamford Hill; Maggie Nadin, 26, North Street, Montrose; Kathleen Kennedy Ashmead, Redhill, Surrey; Edgar Ward, School House, Beckingham, Notts; Beatrice Vickridge, 15, North Parade, Clapham Park, S.W..; Leonard Green, Cotteswold School, Cirencester; I. Margaret Dale, 21, Sandon Street, Liverpool. PRIZE OFFER. We offer a prize of los. 6d. and another of 5s. for the best solutions of the following puzzles:- DROPPED-LETTER PROVERBS. (1) A-t-t-h-n-t-m-s-v-s-n-n. (2) F-i-t-h-a-t-e-e-w-n-a-r-a-y. (3) S-r-k-w-i e-h-i-o-s-h-t.
. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. My primals and finals each name an indefinite substance. One is black and the other is white. . Cross words: (r) A Greek tragic poet. (2) A brief space of time. (3) A tropical fruit. (4) A peninsula of Asia. (5) A place for commerce.. BEHEADED WORDS. Behead a tree, and leave the roof of a vault. Behead "on high," and leave the topmost story. Behead thrown violently, and leave an organ of the body. Behead a preposition, and leave a contest. Behead your own property, and leave ours. Behead to delete, and leave to destroy. ENIGMAS. My first you sing; My second you ring; And my whole you put on to distinguish a thing. A nice kind of nut that is found on a tree ; A small kind of swallow you often may see ; A part of a circle, not more than the half ; A person employed to raise a great laugh ;. A magnificent tree, in England 'tis grown; A point of the compass, to mariners known. If now the initials of these you will take, A very large river together they'll make. My first's a. recess in the land; My next's to admit, understand ; My third is the Latin for "and," And my whole's fixed by word of command. RIDDLES. I. Why are cowardly soldiers like butter ? 2. What trade should be recommended to a short person ? 3. Why are all games of chess of equal duration ? 4. Why is a bill-poster one of the most loyal of servants ? 5. Why is a pig in a parlour like a house on fire ? SOLUTIONS OF PUZZLES SET IN AUGUST. Beheadings.-Grant, rally, abase, never, trail, crank, avail, draft. Decapitations.-Mourne, Nile, stay, dingle, Dover, raven. Riddle-me-ree.-Fortune. Riddles.-Bannockburn, Martin Luther. Double Acrostic.-Alhambra, Ladleful, Hiccough, Alhambra, Mainboom, _ Bail-club, Recorder, Alhambra. RULES. (I) Answers to the Scripture questions and solutions of the puzzles set this month must be sent in by Sept. Ioth, addressed to The Prize Editor, WOMAN AT HOME Office, 27, Paternoster Row, E.C. (2) Envelopes should be marked on the outside, " Children's Page." (3) The address and age, as well as the name, of the sender must be given. All children under fifteen are eligible for the competitions.