THE PUZZLER. 239.-REBUS.
39.REBUS. 240.—METAGEAM. My whole's the emblem of a noble race— A brighter emblem none could ever claim ; 'Mong freedom's sons they hold the highest place, And great their deeds upon the scroll of fame j For when into their land the snoiler came, A stern defiance their wild war-pipes pealed, Which kindled in each breast a glowing flame Of patriotism : rushed they to the field, Armed with their fathers' swords, which they could nobly wield. But change my head, on yonder battle plain, Where leagued oppression wrestles with the brave— Where yon swift horseman tramples o'er the slain : High o'er his head in majesty I wave, With him I speed to glory or the grave. And when he falls, I fall ; but such a death Is sweeter far than life to be a slave- To pine away 'neath dark oppression's breath. For liberty and right his blood bedewed the heath. But change my head again, the strife is done j Upon the air the sound has died away, The meed for which those heroes fought is won, And freedom's sun shines forth with brilliant ray. And when they left that field where mangled lay The forms of thousands, me they proudly wore— A brilliant trophy won from that red fray. In songs they sing my praise from shore to shore, Though ankle-deep my path in fellow-mortals' gore. William Aitken (Som). 241.—PUZZLE. Take half two hundred, then the same ; Then fifty-one, and five ; A thousand you'll next write, and then You'll take one-sixth of thrive; An a, an e, an h, an a, Then fifty more you'll add ; From total, when transposed aright, An Italian's to be had. T. O'Flanagan, 242.—QUADEUPLE ACEOSTIC. ' A century and half ago— A time of crime unsparing— There lived a forger and a cheat, Unscrupulous and daring. My first's his name : his chequered life Has in a book been written By the famous English novelist, Sir Edward Bulwer Lytton. : My second is a nation brave, Who once as pirates ruled the wave. * A little bubbling streamlet ran Beside a fiery mountain ; A shower of lava followed it, And quenched the little fountain. á She was once her parent's darling, Happy in a father's kiss ; Married to a spendthrift roue, She's at length reduced to this. 1. A town of the sunny, fertile East, Whose palm-trees, lofty towering, Furnish a grateful shadow, where The grassy sward is flowering. 2. " The tax-collector's called again, And says he must be paid ! She takes her purse out, and she gives The money to her maid. 3. A queen, who over England reigned : Her subjects' wannest love she gained. 4. A drink, that the Saxons Used often to make, And, when it fermented, Great quantities take. S. Bra mall. 243.—CHAEADE. My first I received in a fight, For which I was beat by my dad ; So homeward I went in a plight, Which made my poor mother quite sad. My second returns to his seat A Parliament member or so, And to hear their wise talk when they meet, I would that my readers could go. But, go to my whole, if you please : 'Tis seated beside the seashore ; And there, to enjoy the sweet breeze, The visitors flock by the score. Sidney Wyburn. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 42. *** For answers to Puzzler in No. 32, please see preceding page. t g p e w t t N