THE PUZZLER.
453.—PHONETIC CHARADE. Each riddling bard -whoee name In our own " G. J." of fame Has the honour of from time to time appearing, My compliments I send To each of you as a friend (I think tbat I may use that term endearing). In particular there's one, I'm just now thinking on ; But who that person is you must be guessing; Though his name I know quite well, It to you I will not tell, For I mean it in a riddling way expressing. In accordance with my plan, In my first a bird you scan, Which I never heard was famous for its singing ; And my next, or I'm an elf. Will exactly twice yourself, Into view of every one of us be bringing. If my third you plurálisé, You may see without surprise A township in a land entitled foreign ; Then in my number four . Fou,a pronoun may explore, ' And niy fifth one of pronouns you'll see one more in. Sixth, whioh is last, I wot, Sure existenoe will denote— I mean, of course, as people always say it. The whole's a riddler's name, In " G. J." you'll find the same— Perhaps this present number will display it. Jas. Whittaker. 454.—CHARADES. 1,—One evening, not so long ago, I by the fire was sitting, Conning the Puzzler o'er and o'er, Whilst sisters were all knitting. My brains were getting rather muddled : Such teazers I couldn't get o'er ; Our β. J. worthies in high jinks had assembled To drown us in enigmatical lore. There were charades by WOI Aitken, Stanley Bramall, and S* T. A. N. : Enigmas by others, sisters and brothers, Acrostics by-----Oh dear, amen 1 Poetical effusions by dear Miss Mellett, And our original R. W. Clarke, ' Enough to bewilder us, as Tam o' Shanter was By the witch's gray cutty sark. Scratching my poll o'er Jamie Whittaker, And a buster by G. J. Bell j Oh, it's too bad, boys ! here comes my dad, boys— "Je te salue, père." I hope you are all. Seeing me now in the midst of my troubles, ' He thought it high time my wits to rebuff. " Bless my first !" he said, with a shake of the head, "Why can't second third such wretched stuff ?" " Hold hard, old boy I" I then exolaimed; O'er my tongue I had no control— " Hold hard, old chap ! for I have got— Ho, ho !—I've got the whole !" W. B. Mason. 2.—Out on the sea when the wild wind's roar, And the breakers crash on the rocky shore ; When the sea-bird shrieks, and flies to its nest, And the lightning sweeps o'er the mountain's crest ; When the thunder peals through the misty air, And the bears to their icy dens repair ; When the good ship sinks 'neath the surging waves, And most of its crew find watery graves ; The whole through the billows does gracefully ride, And scorns the tempest that lashes its side. Away in the town—in the haunts of sin, The first is seen, without, within. On the sparkling river's rippling breast, The next is seen lying at rest. The whole is the mariner's only hope When the ship is wrecked, and there's left not a rope. Thos. А. Воокиг. 455.—DOUBLE ACROSTIC. There they go !—there they go ! ) With their oars in a row, ' All beautifully feathered From stroke down to bow ; Till pushed on ahead By their vigorous strokes, The Cambridge as victors Are hailed by all folks. 1. Caused by labour is this sore ; 2. Islands the Pacific o'er ; 3. Now a puzzle, you will know it ; 4. Last a famous heathen poet. Stanley Bramall. 456.-ARITHMETICAL PUZZLE. ЯГ Arrange the first 25 consecutive integers in the form of a square, so that the sum of each diagonal, horizontal, and vertical row may be 65, without using any number more than once. H. M'Cleland. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 102. %* For answers to Puzzler in No. 90, please see preoeding page. W b m t n f m p w fi W l e o b f