The Riddler.
1. DECAPITATIONS. Whole, I'm a light, sudden and bright. Beheaded, a punishing thong ; With sternest views I'm put in use, Meant to draw right out of wrong. Alpha. Whole, I am thafc Avhich is done By dogs, donkeys, horses, and men ; Beheaded, a card ! You've begun,— But a glance isn't needed again ! Alpha. 3. CHARADE. Of charades we'll go in for Another. Lika this, I think you never saw Another ! If I'm mistaken on this head, Another plea I'll make instead : In these words you have never read Another. A girl ured of her lover got Another. But he in tears procured not Another. As he for first was at a loss To marry him was quite imposs ; She called him fool 1 He said she was Another 1
Ye u'll surely bring down to the grave Another, If of rids, like this you crave Another ! There's second in it than most cons. 'Tis hard to write my word upon ; My whole's a feeling oft in one Another. Alpha, CONUNDRUM. Ye riddling bards of Comrades all, I beg your ear one minute, A conundrum here I wish to ask, So straightway I'll begin it. Just set your brain and wits to work, And cutely scan its course, And tell me why a waiter is like A fairly good race-horse. Нчввент Rhad. MONOPHONE. Come hither, ye of Pnzzledom, A second I will tell. Whilst walking through the forest glade I heard a tinkling bell. Nearer and nearer came the sound, А-floating through the air, And then from out the bush there crept A little snow-white hare. As from beneath the bush he crept, Then 'cross the glade he burst, I saw a piece of ribbon blue Tied to his tiny first. A moral here I would lay down, But your patience would be vexed, So let us hope that I have reached The first end of my next. Herbert Read. e. CHARADES. My first's a receiver of money and news, I'm also addicted to carrying shoes ; I open my mouth for both rabbits and grouse, In one shape or other I'm found in your house ; My second's a pet name wifch boys for their pater, Though scarce ever used by their sisters or mater ; My whole you will readily see ie a town, Wherein dwell a people of ancient renown. Archie Esau. 7. Шу first is seen in winter's time, And when the weather's cold, And by the young, with noisy glee, Into my second rolled. If you would like to know my whole, The boys will introduce, And very вооп acquaint you with Its nature and its use. "No Name." ENIGMA. I'm sometimes short, I'm sometimes long ; I've neither arm nor hand ; I cannot walk, for I've no legs, But, strange to say, I stand. I have a neck, also a mouth ; But still I have no head. All kinds of liquids I do drink : It's true what I have said. I'm many shapes. I cannot talk, Though I a mouth possess. What then I am, dear riddling friends, I'll leave you now to guess. " No Name."