THE PUZZLER.
e08.~CHARADE. 0» Talavera's bloody plain The British fought with might and main | Their honour «ell they did sustain On that red day. The battle waxed fierce and wide. On flew the surge of human tide, The foe were swept aud driven aside At tirs t that day. Thick lay the field with wounded and dying, Friend and foe helpless together were lying, Ånd next was heard from men that were crying For help that day. The French as in my third were caught, Their rallying efforts availed tbem naught \ Each minute showed tbat it was fraught With dead tbat day. They to tbe attack again returned, Their hearts with fury wildly burned. Till my whole the tide of battle turned, And won the day. W. B. Mason. 609.—DOUBLE ACROSTIC. At the mouth of tbe pit there is gathered a crowd, For a rumour of evil has spread, That the firedamp, long pent in the depths of the earth, Has escaped from its prison, and sped Like the wjnd, on its horrible conquest, And the meu are all dying or dead. There is awe on each face, there is grief at each heart. And the cheeks of tbe women turn white, For each has а husband, or father, or son, Below in the pit out of eight. There'll be mourning euougu in the village It the news of disaster be right. 1. No zepbyr blows over tbe ocean To cool tbe tanned cheek of the tar, And tbe canvas, uo longer distended, Hangs drooping beside tbe stout spar. 2. In Paris this duty is levied On all that is brought through its gate. And the gendarmes enforce its payment From tbe dawn of tbe day until late. S. Through the fortress's balf-opened portbole The cmuon's mouth grimly doth frown, For the arsenal holds all the powder That shall serve to defend the rich town. 4. The heavy woods that fringe its edge Hang downward to tbe mere ; And on ita brink, as its comet» to drink, Is seen the dappled deer. Stahlst Ββαμαιλ. 6Ί0.—TRIPLE ACROSTIC. Hush, fellow ! cease your dismal bawling, Tour horrid screams will drive me wild; Go somewhere else, and ply your calling. You noisy brute, you've wuke tbe child t If ever you get into these, Look out, i say, for squalls ; Try aud avoid, wbere'er you be, Šucb low and petty brawls. A lake—a very large one, too— In China it is found ; It measures, geographers say, Fully fifty leagues around. I bope and trust we never may In tbis or discord be ; But let us always try to live In peace and harmony. One this in wisdom is uo dunce, A Monkhood, or a fool ; He learning turns to good account Both in and out of school. When yon send in your riddles for Tbe Editor's inspection, Be sure you scau them over well, Tbis every imperfection. Tbis royal bouse, in days of yore, O'er hhiglanrl held domiuion ; Despotic rule, when no шап dared To utter bis opinion. Т. HAU. 611.-CONUNDRUM. Come try, dear riddlers. every one, And solve t >is simple con for me, And tell me why a soldier's gun Like to a farmer's dray will be ? J. Whittakeb. 612.—ANAGRAM. I asked a little maiden who Wrote the nice book she read. *· It was a lady kiud and true," To me-ehe quickly said. She also added : " aure ι am That you ber name will guess. For it will iu an anagram * Tars dancing elks ' express." J. Whittakeb. The answers to Puzzler in this Number will appear in No. 148. %* For answers to Puzzler in No. Ш, please see preceding page.