THE RIDDLE-BOX.
EASY BEHEADINGS. Y. BEHsEAD a title of honor, and leave hours of darkness. 2. Behead to delay, and leave a small island. 3. Behead to twist, and leave a kind of vase. 4. Behead a part of the face, and leave a pleasant out- door exercise. 5. Behead thoroughly searched, and leave dressed. 6. Behead to strip, and leave a fish. 7. Behead a shoe, and leave a felled tree. 8. Behead articles used in games of chance, and leave a thing in which boys delight. 9. Behead a punctuation mark, and leave a tree. so. Behead an insect, and leave a metallic pin of a certain kind. II. Behead congealed vapor, and leave an adverb. 12. Behead one European country, and leave another. 13. Behead a helmet, and leave a constellation. 14. Behead a kind of sloth, and leave a personal pronoun. 15. Behead an adjective, and leave a way. NEW DOMINO PUZZLE.
* * * * * 0 * O f 1 f t , t
ARRANGE the dominos of a full set of twenty-eight in the outline of the diagram and in such a way that each half-domino shall appear as one of the quarters of a square containing three other half-dominos having each the same number of spots as itself,-just like the four Ires in the diagram, and, also, so that, in the completed arrangement,
there shall be two such squares, each containing four half-dominos marked alike. Of course, to accord with this last condition, two squares of trds should have been shown in the diagram; but that would have made the solution too easy, so the second square was omitted. Still, the dominos actually given are part of an arrange- ment such as is required, and the way to lay the remaining twenty- four pieces of the set is indicated,-whether up-and-down or across; but there are other arrangements beside this. If, however, the given outline is preserved in the solutions sent in, they will be accepted as correct, provided they show the two sets of squares; and the number of each person's successful solutions will be mentioned with the name. EASY ACROSTIC. Mvy first is in "Scribner," but not in "Harper;" my second in " Times," but not in " Ledger; " my third is in " Nation," but not in " Observer; " my fourth is in " Independent." but not in "Post; " my fifth is in " Churchman," but not in " Presbyterian; " my sixth is in " Harper," but not in "Scribner; " my seventh is in "Observer," but not in " Times;" my eighth is in " Ledger," but not in "Nation ;" my ninth is in "Agriculturist," but not in " Tribune; " my tentlh is in " Standard," but not in " Churchman; " my whole was a well- known light of his times and a lover of children. L. G. H. RIDDLE. O wHo can wonder at the sadness of my eyes, Or who can wonder at my mournful, piteous cries, For chains are ever most familiar things to me,- And, tho' to letters given, I 'm made to swim the sea? H. EASY SQUARE REMAINDERS. THE square is of three letters; so, of course, the foundation words have five letters each. Reading Across: I. Pure and easily seen through. a. Dreads. 3. Pies. Reading Down: I. Gather. 2. Rends. 3. Portions. H. H. D. WORD-SQUARE. a. IT makes no difference 3. These should be grandly high Under the sun, For heart or brain. Whether you count me twelve 'T is not by looking low, Or only one. That Heaven we gain. 2. This is the pretty name 4. The last a blessing is Of a fair lake, To weary one: On which you would delight To us may it remain A sail to take. When life is done. L. w. H. NUMERICAL ENIGMA. THE whole, composed of thirty-four letters, is a well-known line quoted from a poem written by Thomas Gray. r. The i, 26. 34, is sport or merriment. 2. The 3, r6, 25, 8, is a beautiful flower. 3. The io, 6, 13, 30, is a young wild animal. 4. The 15, 23, 27, 33, is a fragrant flower. 5. The i8, 2, 7. is a small cake. 6. The 20, 29, 17, 32 is a trick or artifice. 7. The 24, 19, 12, Ia, is a gift or favor. 8. The 28. 9, 4, as, is a large public room. 9. The 31, 22, 14, 5. is the stalk ofa plant. ISOLA.