THE RIDDLER.
NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word expressed in tho narrative.) There is a band—an honoured baud Of bards who've spread the " Riddlers" fame- Who've flourished wide their fulgent wand To win foi> each a glorious name. There's Schofield, Dykes, and Nemo bold, And V. D. Taylor's cons.—now rare— Ajax I'll leave not in the cold. To omit Young Burgh would not be fair.
And, Riddlers, lend a listening car, John Kennedy I next will name ; Two more I'll name, and one is Marsh, The other's Harris, of recent fame. But, Riddlers, I must leave you now ; I ask you for your helping hands, With gems of rhyme this page to endow, And make this band the best of bands. R. W. Andrews. ACROSTIC. (A word or words formed of the initial letters of other woids.) foundation words. The initials joined and put in connection, A namo will plainly bo seen For Paxton's great, glass-built erection, To which I hope you have been. CROSS WORDS. First, the Roman general who bis legions brought To destroy that temple where our Saviour taught. Next, the king who fought on Hastings plain, And Norman might prevailed, and he was slain. Third, a queen sagacious, ofttimes called the good, Who the art of ruling f ull well understood. Fourth, an Egyptian qneen, renowned for beauty rare, Proud and luxurious, too, as she was fair. Fifth, the lion-hearted king, whose hea long ire Brought on the Saracens destruction dire. Next, the ill-starred poet, whose -»erse sublime, Breathes with sadness, like a funeral chime. Next, the queen who built a city, renowned In ancient writ, but now a ruined mound. Eighth, the son of him who sealed fatef .Л Troy, And turned aside ťhe plough to save his boy. Ninth, the Saxon king, throughout whose reign Ho wise and virtuous, history marks no stain. Tenth, the Spartan law-giver, who often tried Ambition's lures, yet their power defied. .Next, the Greek philosopher, who first maintained Man's soul was immortal, and just fame obtained. Next, the king who, seeing his last victory won, ¡Shed tears when he considered his work was doue. Next, a Swedish naturalist, whose mind so vast, Embraced creation, and ite products classed. This, a barbarous king who Italy o'er ran, The " scourge of God, to punish sinful man. Thit, the Spanish novelist, well-known to fame, Through an immortal work tell his name. Last, the prince who fought at Cressy and Poictiers, And died still youthful, mourned by a nation's tears. Whole, graceful and bright, evinces the skill, Praised by connoisseurs, of things standing still. ' Robert Wood and John Nash. 3. CHARADE. The night ia wild and stormy, Ar from the distant reef A eignal shows to those on shore A vessel needs relief. " To the whole 1 To the whole 1" a brave man shout», " We'll reecue them or perish. Each, if needs be, hie first will risk To save those whom we cherish." And as they step into the next, Without a sign of fear, Th· crowd assembled on the beach Give them a ringing cheer. Again and again they venture forth, Until their task is done ; All honour to these men who have Their duty nobly done. Ajax (Nottingham). 4. CENTRAL CHANGE. For weeks I have tried to indito A con. to make mo a famed knight ; ThougvI've tried very hard To become a famed baid, Somehow л first I can'c write. To puzzledom good-bye I must say, For really I must ge away, For, if I c ι n't writoa con., How am I to get on, last any kind riddler say ? Albert A. Dykes (Southampton). 5. DECAPITATION. My whole is a month in the year, Transpose, a foreign fruit will appear, Behead me now and yon will find A part of speech of the verbal kind. Geo. R. Hoddy. Δη ewers to Last Week's Biddies 1. Briaht-on 2. Echo. 3. Gale, dale, pale. 4. Tell. well. 6. Chair, hair, air. β. Many, any. 7. And, an. 8. Buffalo Bill. 9. Peep. 10. Bell, rock.