The Riddler.
1. DECAPITATION. A modest youth of years eighteen, A pretty maiden sought, Whom fondly vowed she first his " queen," In love's deep meshes caught. He called upon his " wicked queen " (Wicked, next you will find) ; A seat she offered, but, unseen, Placed Something on behind. The youthful lover sank upon The seat, and he did grin And swiftly rise. Had he sat on A long sharp-pointed pin ? V. D. Tatlok. 2. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. What breaks the drowsy calm of night With fell and ill-foreboding screams,. And rudely trundles into fright The slumberer, weaned from softest dreams ? What are those ghouls whom fiends engage To make night hideous with their rage ? —Cats. What is the strongly outlined grace That decks the ladies of to-day, And bids the beauties of the face To bygone memories fade away ; What hides all features less intense, And claims the greatest prominence ? —Bustles. What is the strong and subtle power An editor can always claim, The gift he uses hour by hour, The inborn gainer of his fame ; The gift that holds him to his place, And marks the species of his race ? -Cheek. Goukdenede. 3. NUMERICAL TRANSPOSITION. My 4, 5, G, denotes a time, Connected with my 1, 4, 3 ; (My 1, 4, 3, to make a rhyme, Is an animal you see.) My 1, 4, 3, 5, G, 7's the place The noblest of the human race Was born in. Then again, My 1, 2, 3, well rhymes with ten. My 6, 7, 8, 9, is a lake In Canada ; it will not take You long to find it, I'll be bound ! My 7, 4, 5's on beggars found. From these my whole you'll quickly find If you but exercise your mind. Alpha. 4. LETTER CHARADE. My first is in colour, but not in paint, My second's in swoon, yet is missed in faint. My third's in a marriage, but not in a wedding, Though not seen in walking, my fourth is iu treading. My fifth, if you look, you will find standing brave, Not in a coffin, but down ia а grave,
My sixth's in a household, but not in a street ; Though missed from your hands, my seventh's in your feet. And ач for my eighth,—when found you'll agree, Though never seen boozed, it is oft on the spree ! My whole—with this hint—I leave you to find ; It's a number of men, now work, riddlers kind. Alpha. 5. ENIGMA In the centre of gravity I always am found, In a prominent place in Vienna abound ; In every victory I'm first you'll allow. Invaluable always, I'm in every vow ; Though not sought for in tune I'm found in each voice, In the midst of each river I always rejoice ; In vice I've three friends who assist me each day, Three always in love with me truly I say. 'Tis in vain that you seek me, in heaven I live, My help in church service I freely do give ; follow the lives of the lover and brave, Then seek me no longer, I live in the grave. Herbert Read. 6. ANAGRAM. Write with your hand upon the sand One A and add the letter C, Use well your mind and then you'll find, Something that rides upon the sea. Transpose the same and then 'twill name, You'll see if you have rightly reckoned, My first has been, as will be seen, Safe o'er across the pathless second. Herbert Read. 7. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. A great Italian painter on my list stande first of all, Whom boys with ready memories to mind will soon recall ; Next comes a far-famed Roman, a warrior of repute, He penetrated Scotia, and marked with blood his route. I, thirdly, would remind you of a Scotsman of ill-fame, Who lost his head through favouring the young Pretender's claim ; And now behold a river, through Siberia it toil?, Though oft the icy cold its onward progress foils. Fifthly, now bethink you ('twill reward you fur your pains), Of the word which means "a space between two monarch's reigns." Next comes the self-willed man who governed Boston town, While the States were bravely striving, To break their fetters down. And last appears a quality which all true lads of Britain, Possess a large amount of, to their fame let it be written. When all these words to you are made quite clear, Exactly in the order they are set down here, Glancing down the rov/ of primals you will see, They form a statesman's name, well known to you and me. Ambitious, learned, courteous, enterprising, brave, Caused by an unjust king· to fill a dishonoured grave. Now read the finals ; they compose a reverenced name. A man appears, who stood in every blast the same : Resisted every human power that tried to shake The faith he proved so nobly at the burning stake, 8. REVERSION, An exploit every boy can name, Turn round, and lo ! it is the same. Alfred Edavards (Birmingham).