THE PUZZLER.
501.-ANAGRAMS ON LIVING WRITERS. ( The origin of ferns. J 1,— Once Winter took away the sport , Of Oberon and all his court ; And as the merry regal fay Beheld a window's frosted spray, Where Winter's finger, cold and keen, Had sketched an Arctic forest scene, Entranced, delighted, and amazed, The King upon the window gazed, (And cried : " A scene so fair and bright The world should ever keep in sight. The hoar-frost imitating, ïo.' Now th dewy fern shall grow ! And so, as every year returns, Sball Winter's frosts bring Summer ferns." 2,— Sik Godfrey lay In his castle gray As ill as he could be ; And the doctor raced, With extra haste, The baronet to see. He sent some stuff : 'Twas vile enough To please the initiated. His assistant came To administer the same, But the knight all medicine hated t The potion bad He threw at the lad, With his compliments to the mixer ; And he watched with joy The doctor's hoy, . Howl on, damj) with elixir. 3,—Some centuries ago, at Ronan's Well, ~ г There dwelt a recluse, gray and worn with care : He had attained au age which few men reach, í And from his youth had dwelt a hermit there. A robe of sackcloth wrapped his wasted frame ; A string of beads hung irom his leathern belt ; And as each eve the vespers sweetly rang, At Ronan's shrine he reverently knelt. Throughout the summer by the well he lived, Solemn or grave to all, and yet his name, Though now unknown, deserves more recom¬ pense Than many blazoned on the scroll of fame* 4,—On ! woe to the villains who traffic in men, Who barter the negroes for gain ; But glory to England, who hunted them down With infinite trouble and pain. S,—Mt wife has such fancies about all my friends, That I find it a difficult task, In asking one home for a rubber of whist, To know the right person to ask. She is just as bad, too, about going from home : •5 The other day at the O'Gradys', She blew me up well, to my utter disgust, : For being polite to the ladies. ' So, thinking to please her, one evening last week, By suiting her petulant whim, I named α nice party at bachelor Jones, ι· Believing 'twas all right with him. But no ! 'twas all wrong : such a tempest I raised, She said I was given to roam, That friends not my wife's my attention received, And that I was never at home- Alas! And that I was never at home ! 6.—Through London's busy streets there strolled Two troubadours one day ; Their lays were weak, their ditties old, And few gave charity. And yet a younger brother-bard, Who sang more free and loud, Received loud acclamations from The quickly-gathering crowd. Marking the sight, our friends exclaimed : -· Our lays are out of date : We will aim at alter'd eong, and then A good result await." They tuned their harps to a gayer strain, Of modern themes they sang, Aud through the listening multitude The plaudits loudly rang. Stanley Bkamall. 502.—NUMBERED CHARADE. My whole from Scotia mostly comes, {And relished is in southern homes. My 1, 2,4,1, 5, appear A cherished name to woman's ear ; And 4, 5, 6, 9, lay claim The first to this endearing name. Oh ! how my 5, 6, 9, will run When the 6,7, 8, gains twenty-one ! Then love and fashion may Gombine To make him 8, 2, 3, and 9, To speak of love to 7, 8,5, ¡ And be the happiest soul alive. ; As they rove through 8, 7, 6, 9, On many a summer's evening fine, Their minds may care ne'er 6, 7, 8, 9, To 1, 2, 3, their joys and make them pine j But fortune once 1, 2, 8, 9, On his good 1, 2, 3, and 9, May he jog home each day to dine With his good 8, 5, 4, and 9. But to conclude, I shall be proud If in your Journal I'm allowed To sign myself your constant reader And very humble servant, ·* Veua." The answers to Puzzler iu thia number will appear in No. 115. í *** For answers to Puzzler in Mo. 103, please see preceding page.