The Riddler. 1.—CIIARAHE.
Where the prickly holly branches And tho trailing ivy grow, Sad and weary, cold and dreary, My first's alone among the snow.
My second's worn upon the head By children, sometimes men and women too; My whole was a bold-faced outlaw I know, and so now adieu. C. Fisher. 2.—BURIED ELVERS. 1. That man stole a pocket-book containing money. 2. That ham, Esther, is for boiling. 3. The picture of an angel belongs to Frank. 4. You will bo sorry for that. 5. That boy nearly knocked me over. G. What a great rent you have made in your coat ! A. L. Anderson. 3,—DIAMOND. A consonant ; malt liquor ; A species of the goat tribe ; One who plays a violin ; A clever statesman in his day ; A relative ; a kind of deer ; A woman's name ; a vowel. The centrals down and across give the name of a clever statesman. F. H. Atkinson. 4.—ENIGMAS. In spring I look gay, Deck'd in comely array ;Ί In summer more clothing I wear; As colder it grows, I throw off my clothes, And in winter quite naked appear. Ε. H. Smith. 5. Two brothers wisely kept apart, Together ne'er employed, Though to one purpose we are bent, Each takes a different side. To us no head nor mouth belongs, Yet plain our tongues appear ; With them we never speak a word, AVithout them useless are. In blood and wounds we deal, yet good In temper we are proved ; From passion we are always free, Yet oft with anger moved. We travel much yet pris'ner are, And close confined to boot ; Cau with the fleetest horse keep pace, Yet always go on foot. Ε. H. Smith. β. My cost is small, my worth is great, Of me both rich and poor do eat ; The poor get often nothing more, And for me ask at the cottage door. Live without me no one could, To try to do so no one would ; And precious as I am to all, Some do not think of me at all. A. J. Reading. Answers to Last Week's Eiddle3. 1. Glass, Lass, Ass. 2. Harebell. 3. Bells. 4. Night-iu(n)-gale. 5. Ramification, β. Small—All. Somebody said to Jerrold, " I have just had some calf's-tail soup," when tho wit re¬ plied, " Well, extremes do meet sometimes." The people live uncommon long in a certain town in Scotlaud. There are two men. there so old that they have quite forgotten who they are, and there is nobody alive who can remembsr it for them.