!RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE METAGRAMS. eter of ord Is ohanged, to form another word, ex- Sl$t sl (ter o pressed in the narrative.) (Io Lilian Douglas.)
uried when passed through fire, , gold s returns when winter's reign is o'er, As ing waves, when stormy gales are over, a foaminsle calmly near the peaceful shore, CS.ri om s shall cleanse the sordid longings Sopin once waere so defiled with Mother Earth; nd int ohis new sweet sense of love's affliction FAre, nobler -houghts shall rise to glorious birth. oll well I know the fond, regretful yearning For one soft hand-clasp, or a softer kiss; Fo.dertos that breathed of joy and pleasure, Fr ued my life with love's soft light of bliss. A. have longed in vain for broken visions T rise complet towards a glorious day; wove prayed for one whose touch was always gentle To comne again, and banish grief away. Bat by.and-by from out the dying embers Of our lostlove a purer one will rise, Ennobling life itself with winning gladness, And pointing ever onward to the skies. tEr hearts aroused, our spirits blithe and cheerful, The old sad pain lost in the dreamy past, We strive to live and work alone for others, And find this is our recompense at last. Cheer lonely hearts, and whisper hope and comfort To those who need your sympathy and love; Wipe tears away with gentle words so soothing, And bid them smile again and look above. When life is sad, then tell them of another, Where grief and pain shall end in joy and rest; And nobly prove, though your fond heart be aching, Thou art, in blessing others, doubly blest. NELLIE WATSON, Cheshunt. 3.-Fresh was the wind and ripe the corn, Sweet grew the flower beneath the thorn, When o'er the blossoming field was borne The woeful news to Ravelston; Then grew the faces stern and white, And dim the eyes that once were bright The joyous day was turned to night Within the halls of Ravelston. In Storeton Wood at break of day All silently the assassins lay With nervous hands, and faces grey, To slay the lord of Ravelaton. Long, long they watched, till eventide, Deep in the pass they saw him ride, Then loud the echoing rocks replied, "Death, death to him of Ravelston I" Bravely f)r life he fought, and well; Loud clashed the steel within the dell, Till, pierced with twenty wounds, he fell . gory corpse by Ravelston. Red gleamed the lights far in the town, Red, red the leaf that once was brown; His clotted blood ran slowly down, And joined the brook of Ravelston. All night among the brackens deep, Wrapped in impenetrable sleep, He lay, far up the mountain steep, Last of the line of Ravelston. Calm looked the cold, unpitying sky, Heedless the brook ran babbling by ; Weird rang the raven's lonesome cry &nong the hills of Ravelston. Whyt matter how the feud began ? Per.rps some fault the sire had done, Ani vengeance wreaked upon the sou Laid low the line of Ravelston. But bitter fruit will bitter grow, And long the indignant tear shall flow To shame the cowards that struck the blow Within the hills of Ravelston. H. A. TAYLon, Ilirkenhicad, 3.-Shall I sing of knights of glory ? Shall I sing of days gone by ? Shall I sing of gruesome story ? Shall I sing of apple-pie ? Shall I sing of love and beauty ? Shall I sing of tambourines ? Shall I sing of home and duty P Shall I sing of kidney beans P? Shall I sing of Shahs from Persia P Shah-ll I sing of rolling waves ? Shall I sing of gutta-percha ? Shall I sing of howling braves ? Shall I sing of knights in Hades? Shall I sing of rainy days ? Shall I sing of pretty ladies ? Shall I sing of ghostly says ? Shall I sing of bold policemen Shall I sing of buttered toast ? Shall I sing of short, obese men ? Shall I sing of wave-washed coast ? Shall I sing of pigs in clover P? Shall I sing of Sunlight Soap ? Shall I sing of cliffs at Dover P Shall I sing of bits of rope P No, I'll sing of something better, Something worthy of this sage, MIaking each a life.long debtor Though they live on for an age; Yes, I'll sing as poets should sing, Faultless in my charming rhyme; Yes, I'm sure I gladly would sing, But I really haven't time ! PmLANDER MuGo, I. O. W. -What ho t what ho I each lazy, smuggling scamp, Make gay for one who's badly got the cramp; Clear p the neck, or, by my brother's bones, YOU never will forget the name of Jones. Sher my timbers, empty all the pails, Ian all your pumps, and wash the dirty sails, e the old hulk three coats of jet-black paint- _Eudgh to make a man-of-war's man faint; rcua from the hatchway quickly, some of you, Or, by the hokey, I will knock you through 1 4-Ando'ay, you lubbers; for a moment pause, Led uon't keep wagging your confounded jaws; To hea r wat ears-they're large enough, I'm sure, ill B,r - ve to say to you and more. Or in aBl avast Just stop tat beastly chewing, Sbrace of minutes you'll be ruing. And that my hearties, we've been quiet lately, So now 'tn irtie al, unstaiely t To show thate some one we should be licking, show that we are still alive and kicking. PAUr JONES, he nlletta DOUBLE ACROSTIC. e lrs, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) To ofnkespearep Pla will make. Cross Words. A foreign fruit forfirs't lease find T~r, nc in insect call to mind; i'A nea-ns to seize, as you will see; vesse of glass my fourth will be A meass c's E th, and if you're right i-ir si H water-fowls in sight I hops eu often round the moon, youllfnd the answer soon. J. H. Vvwnr, Croydon.
TBANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 8.-Dear friends, once again we are singing our lays-- And it's sad, but it cannot be helpedl If a brickbat we get 'stead of plenty of praise, It's sad, but it cannot be helped I If you stroll forth some beautiful calm moonlit night With a dog who in fishing first too much delight, And around the back part of your bags "gets a bite," It's sad, but it cannot be helped 1 If a maiden when skating slips down on the ice, It's sad, but it cannot be helped I And falls with a thud, which is far, far from nice, It's sad, but it cannot be helped I You rush to the rescue with never a fear Or thought of aught else than to save the poor dear Through a crack in the ice should you then disappear, It's sad, but it cannot be helped I If you a bad sovereign receive in the dark, It's sad, but it cannot be helped ! And should lose your last good one in Finsbury Park, It's sad, but it cannot be helped! You rush to the station to catch the last train, Where you try that bad sovereign to pass once again, But you gee fourteen days, and repentance is vain- It's sad, but it cannot be helped I Now, you make up your mind to your best girl to pop, Ah, it's sad, but it cannot be helped ! Your best suit you obtain from the jeweller's shop, Which is sad, but it cannot be helped ! Take a seat in the park for five minutes or more, Take your love in your arms, then get up with a roar, If the seat has been pasuted ten minutes before I That is sad, but it cannot be helped! Now, we once took to betting-'twas on a big race, Which was bad, but it couldn't be helped! Put our last on a gee-gee to win, and a place, Doubtless bad, but it couldn't be helped I " Oh, it's certain to win I" was our jubilant boast, And we both stood to win twenty pounds (at the most) ; But the brute broke his neck twenty yards from the post. We were mad, but it couldn't be helped I If you've got some tobacco, but never a light, It's sad, but it cannot be helped! If the baby you nurse for three parts of the night, It's sad, but it cannot be helped I If you go out to dine at the "Pestle and Mortar," And get home past twelve quite three hours and a quarter, And drink prussic acid and think it is water, It's sad, but it cannot be helped! LUCIFER AND CHITABOB. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (Theletters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrative.) 7.-My uncle O'Toodle, A quarrelsome noodle, Was led by a poodle- For he was stone blind, don't you see; He owned an old organ, Which frightened his dawg, an' It played " Johnny Morgan " And " Beautiful Isles of the Sea." He was deaf as a poker, A zealous old smoker, And worked like a stoker In lugging that organ around; The folks started cursing, Invectives disbursing, And ears began nursing, When that instrument gave forth a sound. Some youth rather witty, Who, having no pity, Decided the city Henceforth from thab noise should be freo, With his mind on it centred, One dark night he ventured And silently entered The house of my uncle O'T. In a room that was smothered With dust he discovered The organ, well covered With a moth-eaten piece of green baize; And when he departed, In manner gay-hearted, He'd artfully parted The key-wires in various ways. The next day O'Toodle Went out with his poodle, And noticed how rude all The boys were that terrible day; So he set down his Handel, And worked at the handle, And-oh, who could stand all The unearthly tunes it did play P Such groanings and tweakiugs, And ear-splitting shriekings, Mixed up with loud squeakings, And so it went on for a spell; The people rushed panting, Apologies wanting, And dogs were levanting- How long this would last none could tell. They heard a great crashing-- The organ was smashing; O'Toodle fell, bashing His head 'gainst a thick iron door. And that ends the ditty, For all in Lhe city Praised up the youth witty, And all was quite quiet once more. C. FARNCOMBE AnD HECron. NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. (Chango tht first two letters of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narratlve.) MARRIAGE A FAILURE. 8.-A Roman nose, Very red; Watery eyes, Large, round head. A shrieky voice, Vacant stare, Short, fat figure, Ginger hair. Broken bustle, Tattered skirt, Worn-out gingham- Would.be flirt. Bough and ready, Talons long, Everything she Swears is wrong, Always drinking, Going out; Calls her husband "A great loutl'" Takes his money, Spends it all, Bangs his head Against the wall. Tugs his whiskers, Pulls his hair, Calls him " Looney !" " Greedy bear " If he argues, Gets knocked down; MIarried life has Failed with Brown. C. Fdnascoane, Brighton.
NARRATIVE MONOPHONES. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound, expressed In the narrativeJ) 9.-Last night, as I'd finished the work of the day, I went for a walk in the usual way; And as I was walking and humming with glee, My thoughts wandered home to our glorious " T." I remembered some cons. writ with delicate grace, And in my mind's eye saw each riddler's face I walked, and I wondered, " Now, what shall I do?" For an evening's amusement I'm fond of, 'tis true. I'll- Stay I by St. Patrick, I've hit on a plan, And the chance of success I proceeded to scan. Said I, " I will visit Mephisto below, For Mephy's a friend of most riddlers, I know; And as he contributes himself to the ' T.,' No doubt he'll be pleased to set eyes upon me." So, reasoning thus, without further ado, I said, " Yes, by Raebeds, I'll carry it through; The idea is good, and remarkably bright, And perchance I may meet there some other young knight." I was dodging the 'buses and cabs in the Strand, So I said, " Now, the station the nearest to hand." My powers of discernment were not at a loss, For I quickly discovered 'twould be Charing Cross. I walked in the station, my ticket I took, And I bought from Smith's bookstall a nice little book ; I stood on the platform and waited a while, Till the train came up puffing in excellent style, And the porter yelled out to the gents and the ladies, As he rang his bell madly, " All stations to Hades I" I jumped in a carriage, a corner I took, And straightway proceeded to swallow my book. The journey was long, but at last the train stopped, I saw 'twas my station, and outside I popped. At Hades arrived, I knocked at the door, And it opened like Sesame-magic galore; I walked down a few rough and rugged stone stairs, And came to a door at the foot unawares. I entered, and walked through a ponderous hall- Some portraits of knights were hung up on the wall. The place was a palace-a fact, I declare- And his majesty sat in a wonderful chair; He was smoking a pipe-the aroma was sweet- And a beautiful footstool was under his feet. He seemed quite contented, with plenty of pelf, And I thought, "Well, I'd like to live here myself. I'll speak to him now-he appears to be gay." So, " Good evening, Mephisto I" I ventured to say. He turned, and he gazed with two lovely black eyes, And folded his arms, and replied in this wise: "Ha, hal is that you ? Take a seat; let me see- Ah, yes, I have met you up stairs in the ' T.;' You've just come in time, and you'll hear with delight Some 'Tournament' people are coming to-night." He scarcely had said it when rat-tat-tat-tat, And Lord Robert came in with his gloves, stick, and hat; We said, "How d'ye do ?" in a manner quite calm, When De Bear and Hector fell in arm in arm. We agreed it was lucky to-night we'd not missed, 0, When in toddled Toss and our friend Monte Christo; Then Holmes came, and Iron Mask flew in with the wind, Then Johnson, and Farneombe, Phil Mugg, Eh, and Hind; Then Taylor came in with Leigh, Jo-King, and Wyatt, And Stocks, George, and Miller-they wouldn't keep quiet. And they were not all; other knights came in swarming, To give old Mephisto a jolly house-warming. Then up jumped the monarch and stood on his chair, And he pawed with his hands at the roots of his hair: " The punch-bowl," he cried; " come, the punch-bowl, what ho I" " Here, here," from the back-'twas the voice of Droffo. When Mephy got down we all drank to his health, And wished him prosperity, long life, and wealth. Some skngs were then sung, and, although it was late, Meph sang" I shall have'em," from " Faust Up to Date." My first night ln IHadee was one of renown, And we caught the express and arrived back in town. J. W. SEWsLL. 10.-O-lcum to my house, lady fair, No palace can with it compare; It contains manny things quite rare, Does "quod," sweet " quod." 'Tis here that I live,at my ease, My business I "pick " as I please; No toffs to extort from me fees In "quod," sweet " quod." In an elegant suit of clothes, Provided by you, I suppose, I walk round with an easy pose In "quod," sweet "quod." A "servant" to wait on me, too, He'll prove ever loyal and true; For he always has me in view, In " quod," sweet " quod." DIOMEDES. ACROSTIC. (A word.or words. formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 11.-Alone in my " study" I'm sitting (The floor that's above is the roof), That time is (as usual) flitting, My whole, antiquated, gives proof. I earnestly search for some themes, though As yet unsuccessful my quest; Most truly aggrieving it seems so, Depriving myself of my rest. Ye gods I what a grand inspiration Has come to my bullet.proof head! Say, can it-but be an ovation From my parent, pugnacious, instead P Oh, why should a bard meet misfortune When striving success to obtain ? If Musa he sweet will importune, He may write an ennobling refrain. 'Twas courtesy scant of my parent My thoughts thus diverting astray; I gloomily gaze at the air.rent Apparel of mine does display. Oh, Musa, why hast thou forsaken Thy follower, humble and meek ? I love thee-perfume of the bacon That's stayed in our safe for a week I Cross Words. A person familiar you here will detect, No onerous task, you'll agree; But mayhap this person would firmly object, Contending 'twas spelt with a " V." On subjects varied long he spoke, Which oft to seconed led; But when he called them "slaves," they broko The platform o'er his head. When the "boss" to reason deaf is, And no loophole I espy; When a "rise" is not prospective, And bills are extra high; When cash-book fails to balance, And I know the guy. will scold, How third-ly I'd return again To the schooldays of old. "Yer next I oughtna wop 'im, An' wait 'is time, o' coss. Don't tork like that-yer'll stop 'im; So git along, ol' 'oss." Oh, faithful old gamp, by my side you have stayed, For years we have rambled together; Although friends much absence of mind last displayed, We'll brave still our real summer weather. E. GEORae AND J. STOCKs.
NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 12.-Deat Editor,-I wish I could discover A patent medicine for my state of mind; g. My dream of once more posing as a lover, Once right before me, now is left behind. I want to leave this wicked earth To those blind souls who love it, I want to soar above its woes- Above its tears and pain; I want to take for what they're worth The blisses far above it; I want to go where Virtue goes, And ne'er come back again I You see, dear Ed., till lately I could suffer, With all the resignation of a martyr, The bitter needs-oh, never needs were rougher I- That I with luckier youths my peace should barter; But when the girl next door but one, To end a foolish wrangle, Came round to me with smiling face While I was chopping wood, And asked me, when my task was done, To help her turn a mangle- Why, ain't it time to wipe all trace Of romance out, for good ? So nevermore my deep blue eye Shall hold the trickling tear; I mean, in all good faith, to try To find some pleasures here. These letters-well, I don't presume To say what ends may come of 'em, But maybe those good knights of whom, Perchance, I'll write in some of 'eml, Will some day condescend to wonder Who is, yours truly, VAGADnoDA. DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another wordJ 13.-A piece of cord here you will see, Around a parcel it may be. A little town you will see here; It is not known to you, I fear. When days of wedded bliss are near, My last is foremost to appear. C. E. BnAxcH AND C. F. B3LACKBURN. NARRATIVE BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word, oz- pressed in the narrative.) (To W. E. Cule.) 14.-Odds bobs I my worthy Cambrian knight, What mean you by your rhyming ? Would you afflict each weary wight, Just up Parnassus climbing, With yet another chieftain proud, Whose will no bard may question, To dictate to the struggling crowd Things " troublous of digestion" ? Of course, I know you well may be In earnest in this matter, And somehow think that royalty Might much of goodness scatter; But we poor bards who are not quite Enraptured with the vision Would rather waive all kingly right Than see our band's division. For have we not our fair, young queen, Who charms all with her singing? And think you not 'tis rather mean Such questions to be bringing Be3fore the court where she presides In more than royal splendour, And, mark me, sir, where each knight rides In duty to defend her? NIonTHAWK. DUAGRAM. (0(hanse the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 15.-The scene was in a public street, Where Joe and I had chanced to meet; And first on most things we agreed, On one point neither would concede. Home Sule the topic I For the time We always seemed intent on crime; For many weeks we'd safely steered Clear of the rock when it appeared, But adverse fate this time o'erruled, And reckless tongues could not be schooled. From bad to worse our anger went, Until, our stock of patience spent, The culminating point was reached, While I, oblivious, wildly screeched. It came about so sudden, that I couldn't help but fall down flat ('Tis true we were two loving friends; Yet oak is not a thing that bends I). The raging Joe just gave one blow, Which proved much more than last, and so With saddened heart, at his request, I gently laid me down to rest. F. JOHNSON, Manchester. CHARADE. (Formed on a word,eaoh syllable of whloh Is a word.i 16.-I first down at my desk one night, With paper, pen, and ink, A most amusing con. to write; But when I came to think On syllables, and accents, too, I could not write a line, sir; I found 'twas more than I could do To get my words to rhyme, sir. " Next this a third7" you ask; ".fourth do You jest with us, sir knight ?" Nay, friend, what I now say is true, My honour I will plight. A vowel in my fifth you'll find, You have it in your eye; Say, patient reader, would you mind To solve acon. so dry ? My other con., sir, you must know, Was for the " T." designed; But Ed. found it was not whole, so With thanks it was declined. R. WATr, Glasgow.