THE PUZZLER.
* The asterisk denotes that the article to which it is affixed was sent in competition for a prize. 119,—REBUS. 120,—CHARADE.* 'Twas Christmas-time, and as we sate The blazing fire around, Outside the door as sure as fate, We of my first the sound Did hear, and what is strange to tell, Young George was at the gate (Who always does my next so well), And with him sister Kate. When she came in, poor Katie we With many questions plied, And taxed her with my whole, but she, Of course, the act denied. W. H. Wool. 121.—CHARADE. * A chieftain on the ramparts stood Where fierce had been the fray ; And hundreds in the sleep of death In solemn stillness lay. Upon his brow the first he bears,! Brought from the battle plain, Where oft he'd fought in freedom's cause, And never fought in vain. . The last he has defended well, 'Gainst strong and ruthless foes ; In vain the whole hie ranks has thinn'd : Hie gloriouB deeds must close. And yet he draws his sword once more— " To arms—to arms !" he cries, A vengeful bullet finds its mark- He like a hero dies. W. Herbert. 122.—ENIGMA. I'm something which! hope you'll see Increasing every year ; And tho', to everyone I'm cheap, To many I am dear. I take no cold, though draughts you'll find About me if you try : And tho' you never see me wet, 'j You'll never find me dry. I give advice to all who seek, And they are not a few ; In many things I'm very strong, And yet I'm weakly too. I show the penalty of sin ; Of wisdom I'm possessed ; And yet I'm always taken in By those who like me best. V. R. Carloss. 123.—VERBAL CHARADE. Mr first is in good, but not in bad ; My second's in merry, but not in sad ; My third is in river, but not in гШ ; My fourth' is in active, but not in still ; My fifth is in beauty, but not in grace ; And, according to custom, we here leave a space. My sixth is in you, but not in me ; My seventh's in hear, but not in вее j My eighth is in marriage, but not in wed ; My ninth is in hammock, but hot in bed ; My tenth is in Europe, but not in France ; My eleventh's in quadrille, but not in dance j My twelfth is in health, but not in pain ; My thirteenth's in honour, which most strive to gain. Oh ! would I were there, as in days of * yore, To wander along on its sea-beaten shore. H. W. PlZETi 124.—DECAPITATIONS. 1—My whole is a town in England) behead me, and I am above. 2—Whole, I am a precious stone j behead me, I am a nobleman. 3—My whole is a town in Italy; behead me, and I am extremely cold. W. Kelly. The answers to the Puzzler iu thie number will appear in No. 22. %* For answers to Puzzler m No. 14, see preceding page.