THE RIDDLER 1. ENIGMA.
Our worth is great ; We're known to ull ; Through some sad fate Our uumbcr's small. But yet we are Well liked und read, And near and far, Though small, we're spread. The works we've mado Are great indeed ; WitĽout our aid Yt u could uot read. In verbal sport Our power is strong ; We're sometimes short, And sometimes long. Strain uot your miud ; The answer's clear. Search well, you'll find We're printed here. Johk Kennedy. 2. LETTER CHANGE. My soul, oue summer evening, winged its flight To regions far removed from sombre night ; Methought I lingered iu а garden green, Resplendent with the sun's all wond'rous sheen ; The beauteous flowers, by a balmy breeze, Nodded a greeting to tbe gem-decked trees ; The air was laden with an incense sweet ; In airy, glittering waterfalls did meet Two spurting fountains. To complete the scene, Gay butterflies sailed on the wing serene. I stood iui wonderment, in great surprise, Saw with a thrill the fleecy azure skies ; When, from amidst the foliage,- there came A lovely being, with no earthly name. She gazed on me ; her snowy breast did swell ; She ope'd her lips to speak, and came α yell. My senses reeled, the vision passed away, I fell to darkuess from those realms of day. I was in bed ! The fancy conjured I ; The yells camo from some screeching cat close by. With dire intent, I found а heavy boot, Rushed to the window, and prepared to shoot. The cat that from our back-yard wall The soul of music shed Has ceased its every yell and squall, Is numbered 'mougst the dead. From now, in silence of the night Will ne'er be heard its yell. If others check my dreamy flight, I'll murder them as well. AU'HA.
CHARADES. Dear riddling friends, if you will try Thie riddle to unfold, No doubt you'll And it by-and-by, If you to it do hold. iåyflrst is liked by horses, And also used by man ; My second is mad· from lay first, So guess İt if you can. My whole is very nice to eat ; At least, 'tis thought by some lhat nothing nicer is, indeed, For food in Scottish home. J. Na.h. Now, if you do first, you'll not bit it, And if you do next, you won't leave it, And if you do ich ol _, you'll not guess it ; It's tue truth what I've said, so believe it. Ы. Rkad. DECAPITATIONS. *·* / ; Ih AldridgtJ-i-conc- once there Was ' . ' * A fire raging strong ; .... Λ'_'·■:.'«■' Swift as the lightning o;i it sped ; . ■ ■·' ·· .'. .lu fury fást along. ..'.:. ν ".What was the cause ?" was asked around,... As'fast the .flames sped on. , . ·■·* A littlo flrttt from yonder house Commenced the fire, " said one. Higher and higher leapt the flames, Stronger grew their might, And soon the second, ouce so grand,. Was made а sorry plight. H. Riad. 0. A csmious first has beeu performed ; A mau out iu the West ι Sat dowu before a suckiug-pig To do his " level best." Be managed body, head, aud feet, , Aud then he-got perplexed ; The tail was all that then remained, Aud this he could uot next., Herbert Read. METAGRAM. A colour find for first ; 'Tis neither blue uor red. Please change, and then you'll see A piece of money instead. Albert A. Dykes. CHARADE. In ƒ rif a girl you're sure to view ; Stcond in every street is seen ; My whole a pretty town Id Kent ; Vou'll quickly fiud it out, I ween. Alberľ A. Dykes. Answers to Last Week's Riddles 1. Fist-i-cuffs. 2. Laid, aid. 3. Rock. 4. Maiden-hood. 5. Nose, post. ■·· : β. Lemou, melon. 7. Grouse, rouse, Ouse, use, ue, u. THE BOYS'JUBILEE JOURNAL. Saturday, June 25th, 1887. . THE EDITOR'S LETTER.BAG. All letters to be addressed to the Editor of the Boys' Jubilee Journal, 125, Fleet Street, London, B.C. Woüld-be Editor.—We will review your journal, if you will send us a copy. So you wonder what we are like, und think that our portrait should be published _ Well, we will thiuk about it. Amateur.—As you can obtain a book upon conjuring and parlour magic for a few pence, we do uot think it necessary or expedient to pad up our journal with such matter.
Enterprise,—Yeu cannot stop your growth, and have every reason to be thankful to Nature for blessing you with superior strength and stature. Many boys cease giowing, so far as height is concerned, at sixteen, J. Goodwin,—The delay was caused by your putting an insufficient address on the envelope. We did not eet tlio order for nine days aftor the letter was posted. E. Cox.—If the patentee is Mr. Kay, of Warrington, then that is the person to write to for particulars. R. Swindells, Jun.—We cannot reply in these columns under two or three weeks from date of receipt. Your query wa* replied to in No. 9. Mesmerist,—The man is a juggler, and such mesmer¬ ism as bis we guarantee to teach any healthy, sensible person ln six lessons. Passiflora.—A quarterly part will be issued, price one shilling. W. MncHELL.—Send your complaint to the inspector of police at the town where the company profess to trade. . , A Reader or B. J. /.—Plain, nutritious food, avoiding fat and beer. Your writing is plain, but not good, if judged by the rules of penmen. Lively wants to know what will take the sleepy look oil his face. Can't somebody prick him with a good long and strong pin ? We advise him to en¬ gage someone to do this for him every tinte he is inclined to be dull, and matters will soon become lively enough. . Albert DyKjţs.—Thank you. P. RowseLl!—If yovi are determined to apply yourself . to mesmerism, you will succeed. It is simple enough to anyone who hoe brains, and U not too lázy to use them. LADY LISLE. When the woods and meadows are robed in green, And the songsters carol the whole day long, And the lakelets glitter iu amethyst sheen, And the river murmurs its pleasant song ; 'Mong the cowslips gay and bending ferns, And dark pines stretching many a mile, I wander ; my heart with Love's passion burns, For I see the sweet face of Lady Lisle. 'Neath the falling rays of the autumn sun, When the reaper hails the smiling morn, And a gentle zephyr sighs soft and loue, I see her amidst the ripe yellow corn. In my fairy dreams of a sunny clime And tbe peaceful strand of a coral isle, Where the limpid waves of the ocean play, I hear the light footfall of Lady Lisle. Cold Luna outpours her silvery light ; The stars peep in the dusky sky, And twinkle with a lustre bright, Like the fiery flash of a warrior's eye. The tranquil moon's faint, ghostly beams And the shining stars my hours beguile ; 'Neath them I drift into those happy dreams, Wherein I dwell with my Lady Lisle. R. E. Neville. F. L. S.—We have no knowledge of the firm. A Caution.—Correspondents requiring books must not advise us to send them to initials at post offices " to be left till called for." We have a number of returned goods on hand, owing to the carelessness of people who send etamps for books, and fail to enclose proper addresses. Charlie Godfrey.—The Mysterious Mask has gained universal approval. The Rule o' Three is very well liked. Of course, it is a totally different dass of story to the Mask. Tommy Red Head.—How to cure a red head ? What next—and what next ! As it is so devoid of brains, perhaps it wouldn't be much amiss to pickle it. Я. F. B. avd J. Leman.—The stories to hand shall be carefully considered. If accepted, payment will be remitted to you.