The Riddlep.
1— CHARADES. 1. " Begorra !" said old Michael Murphy, one day, To his better half, Biddy, while drinking their "tay," 'Our Mike's a foine first, so we'll take him to skule, For he'd be a wise man who could mako him a fule." Two-thirds of a Marshal the second will show, Who was shot as a coward a long time ago. But posterity calls him "brave, loyal, and true," I beg to endorse that opinion, don't you ? The whole names a fight where the foe was hard press'd, And our brave Irish brothers came off second best. Том Tit. 2. A thousand lips, nay, more are sending forth thy praise, Each patriotic first with love, for thee aglow, Whose supplications e'er for thee to heaven, raise To God whose boundless love doth ever overflow.
s d h e , r Ah ! well may England stand victorious and free, Who fights the Christian causo on foreign land and flood, Whose sovereign, too, e'er seeks her subjects' liberty— Long may she rule our realm, Victoria, wise and good. May England's banner wave triumphant o'er her foes, And may our hearts ne'er grow less merci¬ ful in power, But feel, as we have ever, each falling nation's woes, Yet rights relinquish never ! or neath th e total cower : But stand to guard the weak, the right against the wrong ; Then England, may thy praise e'er livo within the poet's song. John Savage. 3.—DOUBLE ACROSTIC. FOUNDATION WORDS. Alas ! so young, doom'd cruelly to die ; Tho' brave the path to death she nobly trod, Her only hope and trust, her faith in God, Crowned in eternal mansions now on high. CROSS WORDS. When first be just, That man may next to all, The third to trust The e'en a last might call Thee true ever, Unjust never. John Savage. 4.—ENIGMA. I bring both delight and joy to the y©ung, The fair, the strong, and tho healthy ; And yet sorrow and death I breathe with my breath, Especially on the unwealthy. It is all through me, you will agree, That many a match has been mado ; My fault as well, some folks would tell, That many in death are laid. But good-bye, my dear, at this timo of the year, The people for me will wait ; And so you will see, though you may not want me, I shall come for your lovo or hate. R. 0. С 5.—CHARADES. I went to dine at Uncle Will's And there my first was heard ; Myself a hungry second then, If you can take my word. My whole doth walk around the town, The people to surprise ; While many listen to his talk, Who are not always wise. R.C.C. Answers to Last Riddles. 1. (1) Because he is engaged with Christ¬ mas Bells (Belles). (2) Because he is stranded. (3) In kicking. (4) Because it is a case ot' "touch and go." (5) Because his is an imposing presence. (6) Because with him it is a case of " liver die" (live or die). 2. The Eye. 3. Monosyllable. 4. Noah in the Ark. 5. Freedom. 6. Heresy, Here's, Here, Her, He, II. 7. Cares, Caress. 8. (1) A Draught, (2) The fox and the cock, for they had only a brush and comb between them. (3) When it is rung (wrung) for dinner. (4) Because it a has a goose's head inside. (5) Silence. 9. Pempe, Amas, Runza. 10. Key. 11 (1) That go blackburying (berrying). (2) Mayo (may owe). )8) Because they are always in¬ solent (In Solent).