THE ;CHILDREN'S PAGE.
I. SCRIPTURE QUESTIONS. PRIZE AWARD. We have examined the very large number of answers sent in competition for the prizes offered in our December number, and we find that the best are those of WINIFRED M. JONES, India Office, St. James's Park, Westminster, to whom a prize of Ios. 6d. is awarded, and AGNES MARY Low, 15, Prospect Terrace, Aberdeen, who receives a prize of 5s. PRIZE OFFER. We offer a prize of los. 6d. and another of 5s. for the best answers to the following Scripture questions: - i. Quote a passage from the prophets, in which the character of a good shepherd is described with great force and beauty. 2. Give one instance from the Old Testament and one from the New, in which shepherds took a part in important events. 3 Explain the meaning of the verse, " Other sheep I have which are not of this fold " 4. Give the names of three Old Testament char- acters whose wealth consisted chiefly in their flocks and herds. II. PUZZLES. PRIZE AWARD. The best solutions of the Puzzles set in our D.cember number were.those of THOMAs SCOTT BELL, 26, Elsdon Road, Gosforth, Newcastle-on-Tyne, to whom a prize of los. 6d. is awarded, and R. L. SMITH, Princess Road, Bournemouth, who receives a prize of 5s. PRIZE OFFER. We offer a prize of ios. 6d. and another of 5s. for the best solutions of the following puzzles : CHARADES. What is my head cut off ? A sounding sea; What is my tail cut off? A rushing river ; And in their mingling depths I fearless play, Parent of sweetest sounds, yet mute for ever. My first at your toilet is seen, My next does the pulpit adorn; In your pocket my whole may be found, And serves both for evening and morn. Though I am small, yet when entire Enough to set the world on fire; Let but a letter disappear, And I enclose a herd of deer; Omit another, and you'll find I once enclosed all humankind.
DOUBLE ACROSTICS. My initials and finals, read downwards, will form the name of a poet and the title of one of his works. An inland body of water. A town in Russia. A girl's name. A firearm. A fruit. A fur-bearing animal. To soothe. A group of islands off Italy. The king of the fairies. The fermented juice of the grape. The initials, read downwards, form the name of an eminent adventurer. The finals, read downwards, form a country with which he was closely connected. A Swiss mountain. A bower. An offensive weapcn. An artist's requisite. A royal princess of Spain. A Scottish clan. A hunting dog. RIDDLE. My sides are firmly laced about, Yet nothing is within; You'll think my head is strange indeed, Being nothing else but skin. CONUNDRUMS. What is the most wonderful animal in a farm. yard ? Why should a quill pen never be used for inditing secret matters ? When is a soldier's ammunition box like a bad country road ? If a pig had to build himself a house, how would he do it? SOLUTIONS OF PUZZLES SET IN JANUARY. Puzzles.-(I) Highway. (2) Echo. Charade. -Mayflower. Acrostic.-Carthage, Cornelia, Alba Longa, Romu- lus, Tarquin, Hannibal, Africanus, Gracchi. Bird Puzzle.-Kite, Swan, Wren, Flamingo, Jay, Falcon, Rail, Martin, Heron, Lark, Goose, Quail, Grouse, Rook, Swallow, Sparrow, Curlew, Crow. Concealed Birds.-Ostrich, Dodo, Dove, Owl, Swan, Nightingale. RULES. (I) Answers to the Scrizptu e questions and solutions of the puzzles set this molth must be sent in by Felbruary loth, addressed to The Prize Editor, WoMAN AT HOME Office, 27, Paternoster Row, E.C. (2) Envelopes should be marked on the outside " Children's Page." (3) The address and age, as well as the name, of tle sender imust be given. All children under fifteen cre eligrible for the comlpetiti'ons.