The Riddler. l. ENIGMAS.
Endless mysterious form ; who can portray Thy various attributes, thy potent sway, Whose magic influence in propitious hour, Allies the mighty deep to sovereign power ? A brilliant victory to the nuptial rite, Finde in Venetian waves a lasting night, When mighty Hannibal his legions bore From Afric's sands to fam'd Italia's shore, Alas ! what myriads of my captive race To Carthage went, the cbieftain'B arms to grace. The matron's pride, when fate serenely smiles ; The gift of Love, ordain'd wifch Cupid's smiles ; The tender record that affection loves, By mournful cypress grac'd our turtle doves ; Life's sad vicissitudes 'tis mine to knew, Companion of the beggar and the beau, Of sceptred queens to have a constant ear,
Or sit in senates with the noble peer, Now clad like Carmelite, in garb of hair, Or gemm'd with diamonds, like an eastern fair. Grovelling with hogs, an inmate of the stye, Or thron'd with Saturn midst the vaulted sky. J. Nash. 2. I'm aged, many thousands of years in all truth, And perhaps I Bhall live them again, I know that my death will never occur Whilst on earth there existe any men, I'm used by the law and the high in estate, I spring from distrust in the main. The Omnipotent even personifiee me ! But I'm needed most with the insane. Through public streets, buildinge, throughout daily life, Quite naked, unblushing, I stalk; I'm present wherever is trouble and etrife, With men, women, children, I walk ; To a recent invention my name has been given, For what reason I can'tunderstand. In this form I'm palpable, pretty and neat,— Can be held in the palm of the hand. Alpha. 3. In the cottage, in the street, In the garret, at your feet ; Here in trouble, there in doubfc, First to tremble, last to shout ; If the needy as'*; for bread, I am always found instead. W. S. Miller (Ulverston). 4. When fche bright sun is shining high over your head, I may always be seen at my best ; I flit here and there, through the whole of the day, And seldom obtain any rest. Whene'er you go out, I keep close to your side, Tho' I'm sometimes behind and before ; And when you're in haste I always do try To follow your footstep, I'm sure. At the dawn of day my dimensions are great, At noon they are very much smaller ; But as the bright sun declines in the west, I'm sure to get taller, and taller. When the sun shines into the attic so drear, Dispersing the cobwebs and gloom, I am there to be seen, if you only will look To the opposite wall of the room. From what I have said aboufc my own self, The answer you soon ought to greet ; To give you a clue, I will tell you this much, I always am found at your feet. Geobge Howard (Nemo). 5. I'm one half false, the other true, Both worn upon the human frame ; Within the smallest flower I hide, You've seen me,—now tell my name. J. Leigh. 6. I'm found afc the altar, Also at the grave ; I'm worn by the coward, Also by the brave. I'm worn by the monarch, The rich and the poor ; I'm worn by the maiden, Also by the wooer ; Every path in life, I tread, Where all is joy, where hope is fled. Vee, Dee, Tee. Answers to Last Week's Biddies