THE PU_ZZLER. 306.—PICTORIAL REBUS.
Έ 307—CHARADE.
Brother Walter and I we were always together, No matter the season, the hour, or the weather— In fact, I believe that the rain, snow, and ice, Were voted by us very jolly and nice. In trim little paletots and handkerchiefs tied With a kind of half-dashing, half never-care pride, Always whistling and humming some snatch of a song, We used to go shouting and laughing along— Indeed, we were named by my father's employés, Two merry, troublesome mad-caps of boys. Tho' I was not a second, they called me Miss First, And said of the two I was rather the worst. When we went on a message to foreman or clerk, Some folly or scheme in our mission would lurk. To building or cast-room, no matter where sent, For the fun of the thing we on mischief were bent. We'd climb up the ladders, cross rafters and roof, Deaf alike to entreaty or sternest reproof ; Yet the men and the lads in my praises were loud ; And in truth I confess to this hour I am proud To remember they said, and to know it was true, That at moulding or cast-work my equals were few. Still Miss First was a whole everyone would agree ; But what were their censures to Walter and me ? We smashed up the models, and upset the oils When we fought our sham battles with lath-sticks for foils. A whole—yes, I was. Ah ! those hours I regret. I wonder if Walter remembers them yet ? Long years have passed since he went off to sea; He's forgotten by many, but never by me. What a change as in fancy those past days I see, When I was Miss First, and a second was he, When we climbed for the apples that hung o'er the wall ; The boating, the skating, the trap-bat-and-ball ! And now—well, I crochet, work lace to a spray, Do tatting, and knitting, and sing, dance, and play ; Wear my hair in frizettes, and powder my face ; Have a train to my dress, and a panier of lace ; Am a model young lady, so prim and polite. But, oh ! for my skates, and a fine pond of ice ; A brave horse to gallop, a swift boat to glide. Let me paddle myself thro' a fast-rushing tide. I love the wild dash of the ocean's white spray. Excuse me, you see I'm a whole till this day. M. Mellett. '308.—ENIGMA. Go when the rose is throwing Its sweet perfume around ; When the violets sweet are growing O'er the daisy-spangled ground ; Or when the rainbow's crescent Hangs pendent in the skies, Oh ! reader, there I'm present, So rapt, attentive eyes. Or where the dewdrops quiver On the ever-restless trees ; Or by the tranquil river, „ Kissed by the southern breeze : Or where the lark is winging His heavenward course away, While high o'er all is ringing His loud resounding lay. W. W. Wells. 309.—DIAMOND PUZZLE. A consonant ; a river in Russia ; a city in France ; a West Indian island ; a state in A'orth America ; a city in Spain ; a county in Ireland ; a number ; a vowel, 'lhe central letters read down and across will give the name of a state in North America. William Brown. 310.—CLASSICAL ACROSTIC. 1. An ancient Greek poet, celebrated for his martial strains. 2. An Athenian general, who effected a most beneficial change in the accoutrements of the Greek infantry. 3. A general, the son-in-law of Darius, whom Xerxes, on his invasion of Greece, left with an army of 300,000 men to subdue that country. 4. The father or chief founder of the mythological and allegorical theology amongst the Greeks. 5. A cele¬ brated Spartan legislator. 6. The founder of α philo¬ sophical school, called the Megarian Wrangling School. 7. A king of Argos, who assassinated bis own mother. 8. A son of Neptune, who threw himself into the sea. The initials read downwards will name a Corinthian of noble birth and distinguished ability as a warrior and statesman. G. Gervis. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 57. * ■ *** For answers to Puzzler in No. 47, please see preceding page.