THE RIDDLER.
o h e w DOUBLE ACROSTIC. ■FOUNDATION WOEDS. Primalá are a time of pleasure, Time of fro't and snow ; Grateful comfoit we are potting In the bright fire's glow ; Whilst outside all is bitter As the north winds blow. Now we deck the rooms, and finals Malce the ro«, m look bright ; See the berries how they glisten In the silvery light ; And to sing dear primaVu praises All our hearts unite. cross woimr:. This is not sngar, but used you'll agree, When having your breakfast, or liaving your toa ; An American map will help you to find This place, then behead it—now, don't be behind : In third I'm not rolling—you needn't to doubt it, And this being tho case, 1 must needs do without it ; What is that squalling'.' As I live, I declare 'Tis th;«t young fourth of mine tumbled out of his chair ; 1 his con. you will see, is not one of the best, Because of tìlbjtftk work I am not possessed : The si.rt/iK in this book interesting are really— The writer's tho best of their kind, they are clearly Causing much seventh among their perusers, «So I'll drink the good health of our clever amusors ; I've nearly gor. throuph with this little oration, Please don't make an eighth and express consterna¬ tion ; This puzzle mnst nîn'A, now, my dear boys, is ended, I hone all arc pleased, and that none arc offended. J. Χα. h. DECAPITATION CHARADE. Wnni youner, for sweets, so temptingly displayed,. Or dolls of wax, all beauteously arrayed, For sweethearts, when we're old enough to know That suchdike trinkets to the wall must go. For all that's pleasant to the taste or sight, For all that's pretty—whether wronir <>r right— We/..*.. When, by somo error, wc our tempers lose, When our cashier with monoy does vamoose, When with a stick of heavy weight, like lead, A man, in mishap, hits us on the head, Whon on an unseen slide, we downward slim,, And jerks from us a sharp, half-stifled----- We next. Α..7Ϊ-Λ. CHARADE. Flrst't are always on this p.age ; Whole doth oft in rows engage ; ! n every home my second you see, 'Tis used by all who have their ten. Ai.KttiH) Bak.nes, Fulham. REVERSION". An Indian coin, if you turn round The same will corne to sight ; Now, riddlers, tax your thoughts awhile, And try and get it right. A. EDW.vr.tw
ЕХ1УМА. Goon master, waiting your command., Your htunbıâst slave before you stands ; I carry aims, but do not fighr., My bark does not portend a bite ; I'm strong of limb, yet fail at, walking, And gestures mostly do my talking, I freely own I lovo the bowl, Yot drink but water, on niy soul ; I stand your friend in held or flood, And for you often shed my blood ; And when I loavo—best friŕnds must part— lt stirs me to my inmost heart. Alfrud BARMES, Fulhaii; 0, DECAPITATION*. My fini is a piece of meat I weeu That in a butcher's shop is seen ; Behead, a kind of wood is then in view, Which, perhaps, hath ne'er been seen by y< n Curtail, and then my laď» in sight, lt is what you have every night. A. Edw a ii TRANSPOSITION. A nivFR in England if you transpose Forms pait of yourself, but not your noso; Transpose again, and then you'll see lt leaves a verb of letters three. A. EnwA.DS, Birmingham. 8. ENIGMA. I oive warmth to your body, But not to your soul. When my power gets hold of anything, 1 never leave it whole. In wini er 1 am very prised, In summer I am quite despised. Young BlT.GU. Answers to Last Week's Kiddies. ]. In, I. 2, Ant-rim. 3. С Son ANNI E P о a s e H S С О N S T A в L П Ľ H lt A T L A Ji Ι¬ Α L E E и L M 4. War-ring-ton. ... NOS O Y E S E Л E U ii V, n K s С. V A С A V О С О L END i: N' υ