THE. DFpTE TOURNAMENT. NABATIVE META.OMEGRAMS.
helrst and lst etters of a word to form another word, Ihe fr epressed Ii the narrative.) I,'Tis a fact that oft surprises Those who make use of their brains, 1ow some men get so conceited That DLame Fancy always reigns Intheir minds. They think that no one In the world is great as they, And the tribute adulation To themselves will always pay. you may travel o'er the country In this quarter of the world, North, south, east, west-wherever The Union Jack's unfurled; Visit any village pot-house, And you're sure to find a fool Who could beat the greatest statesman With a plan o Irish rule. And some modest counter-jumper, Whose "ambition" soars on high To the realms of art dramatic, Says he could-if he'd but try- Knock the host of modern actors Into nothingness. He knows Irving, Toole, will quickly vanish When upon the stage-he goes. Yon will also surely find, sir, Ere you travel very far, Many a clown of wondrous mind, sir, Who could head a nation's war. come will criticise Prince Bismarck, Smash his tactics in a trice, Saying Moltke could have done better If he'd followed their advice. H. OSSORD AND W. E. CULE. 2.-Ye bloated-out poets, List well to me--know it's The time to be acting, And duty transacting;, Look well to your laurels, And freshen your morals, For I'm going to be king ! Some knights are revolting, And others are bolting, You have no dommander, Some to your tastes pander, To please you and flatter; But what does it matter Since I'm going to be king ? My shield is so shiny, And I am not tiny; I'm clever and witty- 'Tie really a pity I wasn't elected ! But you're all infected, So I'm going to be king I I'm ready to battle (To make your throats rattle), To fight for position 1 It is my ambition At once to command you. Ye riddlers, I'll band you, And I'm going to be king I SILVER SHIELD. NARRATIVE OTEGRAMS. elst letter of a word is changed to form another word, ex- pressed in'the Narrative.) S. de Bear, for once you make a great and sad mistake saying Nellie Watson's my equivalent; 'tcongratulate you for old Motte Christo's sake, or his name to any riddling bard he never lent. waysgave you credit, for a great discerning power, ewas pleased with your remarks, so sound and sen- sible; why you make this blunder at this most unseemly hour really to my mind incomprehensible. 8.lde Bear, Sir S. de Bear, your prestige as aknight known uuto the liege lord who is ruling me ; year unimpeached veracity I can't discover quite, you're in earnest or are merely fooling me. ceit that Miss Nellie stands as far above my style Bthe stars are far above us in the firmament; ugh she borrowed King Mephisto's name for just a little while d jousted as a demon in the " Tournament." Nell will surely pardon me if I assert that I a shade, while she's no less than a divinity; so, Sir Sam, rub up your wits and have another try nd with whom it is I own affinity. now my sable cloak I draw around me once again, fnd me out you surely will be never able; of to Hades now, to search for me will be in vain, ee my rightful name is simply undiscoverable. KING ROBERT OF EREBUS, &-Philander Mugg, thou mighty scribe, How can I of your wit imbibe ? Imagination you possess- Leud unto one who owns much less; And in exchange to thee I'll give New thoughts of which you'll make a sieve, D estroying all conceited pride, E njoying much you now deride. Read, mark, and learn, and then decide. Adtr IH., Manchester. DUAGRAM. the first two letters of asword to form another word.) I.-ln the first of merry mummers, Long ago, nought n knight for many summers, Distancing with ease all comers, , Proving no mean foe; ths that talent used.well by a knight who eveor d well Could the road to Ida show. Long this knight maintained his honour Spite of foes Standing as the ehoampion conner, a0 this page was oft the donor, uee In our estimation rose; iueren Marion, joyful ever to possess a knight so Lauded him, you may suppose. Bat, alas ! although so petted, Oe Courted, loved, and feared, One day he a fortune netted; SmHe that dayfor him we've fretted, -' For he disappeared, el1er a cle behind hm-h-in the ranks we never 'Ties a mystery weird. itightn many breasts is flickering, A aI ear the riddlers call; Cry, ig a curious snickering, , is , the long.lost Pickering, With Bondy last to all; Dope in in the ' Tourney ' stri ring, pinmany breasts reviving We will fight or fall. fmeagain and stay oh, stay, :zx Mosucd Our Witl away." ." 'PE ][STEP,,IOL NIGCIT,
NARRATIVE PRECE-OMEGRAMS. (Change the last letter but one of a word to form another word expressed in the narrative.) (With apologies to F. Johnson, in No. 918.) 6.-Mine life vas vonce so happy, Put now id is so pad; Und since I let mine faderland I has peen pery sad. I vish dot I vos pack again In dear old Germany: Put I does not like to go across Dot pery nasty sea. I cannot get mine sausage Since I has peen avay, Und I has only got mine pipe To smoke de livelong day. I dinks I cannot last much long, I veel so pery ill; De leedle poys, van I goes out, Poor Schneider dries to kill. Dey shrieks vid all dere leedle mights, "Does your modder know you're out F" Und den I goes vor all of dem, Und gives dem each de clout. Von day I vent down on de peach Und looks indo de sea, Veon all ad vonce a pig pad vave Come volling ober me. Und since den I hal not peen vell, I keeps indoors all day Und smokes mine luffly pipe in peace, Die all dot makes me gay. Und if eber I gets vell again I'll go across de sea, Pack to mine dear old faderland, Und live in Germany. C. FARNCOMBE, Brighton. (To my dear Mugg.) 7.-Dear Mugg, just a moment excuse me, Which I hope it's not asking too much, As I'm not going to let you ill-use me, Or say that I talk double Dutch. Which I don't, as my young hopes is higher, And I'd not condescend for to shrink; If you say so, why, then you're a-why-er- Well, what would you think ? You said in that beautiful poem Which you wrote me a short time ago, And that other young man-do you know him ?- Whom his parents miscalled Ivanhoe; Well, you said, roundabout like and sneaky, That my rhyming amounted to naught; Yes, you did, and I thought it was cheeky- Yes, that's what I thought. And you swore in a way that was awful, And frequent, and painful to hear- Which I think isn't proper, nor lawful, As you always were good and sincere. And it made me feel fretful, and stung like, And I calls it one.sided and mean; But I s'pose that you thought I was young like, And simple and green. Now look here, Mr; Mugg, I'm not joking- No. no, sir, that isn't my line; I'm filled with emotion and choking, And that's why I'm making this shine. But I want:you to say straight and plainful, Which I think is but proper and due, As you didn't intend to be painful, And hurt me, not you. , Toss. NARRATIVE BETAGRAM. (Ohange the second letter of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 8.-In lodgings I, a student, dwelt ('Twas in the years long gone), In Upper Arabella-street, At Number 151; " A quiet family ",they were, But, oh I with dismal groans I must confess that I did hate The musical Miss Jones. Oh, the musical Miss Jones! She sang in dulcet tones; But the cat on the tiles would fly for miles From the musical Miss Jones. Oh. much-enduring instrument, That " pianner" which she played ! From rosy morn till dewy eve She never, never stayed. And then her singing! Oh, what falls From fearful shrieks to moans ! And sentimental ballads spoiled By musical Miss Jones 1 Oh, the musical Miss Jones ! The agonizing tones Of a cat in pain's a heavenly strain To that of dear Miss Jones ! The " Bird Waltz" and the " Rats' Quadrilles " She made a very plague; Also a " Battle ;" sure enough, I think it was "of Prague., At last, when nearly frantic driven With weak, heartbroken tones, I notice gave, and left the house -Of musical Miss Jones. Oh, the musical Miss Jones'! I'd welcome e'en the " bones," Or the fife and drum, but don't let me come Near musical Miss Jones ! DIANA. NARRATIVE CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the centre of a word chosen, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 9.-Oh, Lilian, sweet Lilian, my heart beats high with pride, To think you should have noticed my poor lays ; I know I'm energetic, and my utmost I have tried, But still I am unworthy of your praise. My faint attempts at poetry I often do regret, My modesty prevents me saying more; I journeyed here to court fair Fame, but have not caught her yet, For most of my effusions are too poor. I've always been dejected, and I always have been sad, But your sweet words have filled me with delight; And, after all, I don't believe that Im so very bad, And may in time become a gallant knight. Oh, may I bear a lance for you in this bright " Tourney " throng ? I'd fight for you full bravely till the end; Your enemies had best beware,, for Hector's arm is strong, And always am I willing to defend! HICTOL NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) 10.--To a party one evening iivited, A musical, merriful spree, I went in my best Sunday clothing, And my lyre accompanied me. I was joyously full of high spirits, And when, to display my great skill, I was asked by my beautiful hostess, Of course I said "Yes" with a will. But when, before numbers assembled, I gathered my lyre on my knee, A cynical wit did deride me- "Two lyres together," said he. Oh, never again will I venture To a musical, merriful spree; Mly lyre is now covered with cobwebs, No more it accompanies me. W. M. Horins" Easinutwold.
NARRATIVE MONOPHONE. (Words.of different meaning, but the same in sound. expressed in the narrative.) 11.--' Take, oh, take those lips away I" Since the morn you have been blowing, Blowing all this blessed day; And it's time you all were going " Far, far away 1" " When the swallows homeward fly" Is the time you should be moving; Can a band of Germans die ? That's a fact that needs some proving, " When I come to think of it." "' Give me back my heart again;" Well, I think you're all without 'em, For your music (?) causes pain. (Some policemen ought to rout 'em.) "Do you think so ? Yes, I think so." " Won't you buy my pretty flowers ?" That depends on what the price is; If you stop a few more hours Perhaps I may; but my advice is, " Wait till the clouds roll by." " Mother kiss'd me in my dreams." Did she, really? That is funny I Somewhat silly, too, it seems. Here's the hat. What's that for, sonny P "It's for money." THE B. P. AND T. E. BARLEY. TRIOGRAM. (Chapse the first three letters of a word to form another word.) 12.-Oyez I oyez I oyez I this is to say That Mephistopheles awakes to-day. Too long bold scoffers have maligned my name (The same as knights are not unknown to fame). De Bear, who, in imagination's train, Was primal down below and back again; And, by that same imagination's aid, Viewed Hades' mystic realms (or so he said). Saw Mercian finlal on great Pluto's throne, Engaged in eating-oh, great Scott I-a scone. So first I challenge thee, inventive knight, To mortal combat ere the morning light; Mephisto's name shall not in vain be taken, Your confidence, rash knight, shall yet be shaken. Sir Felix Forrester, your challenge bold I here accept with pleasure all untold; For once a true and honest knight I find, Who fears me not and dares to speak his mind. The choice of weapons lies with me, 'tis plain, We'll fight and die, then try to fight again. With Gladstone's axe there's surely too much danger, We'll fight with popguns as did bold Boulanger; And after that, if we survive the-laughter, Like heroes brave, live happy ever after. MEPHISTO I., REX, CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 13.-A first little maiden I met when in the street; With flowers she was laden, So lovely, fresh, and sweet. The last and the whole She had in great profusion; So my con., dear riddlers all, I will bring to a conclusion. SWEET LAVENDER, London. 14.-As queen of flowers my first is known To every knight and dame* Whilst in my last is clearly shown A maiden's pretty name. Whole is a bloom-a treasured bloom- Well known to all of you; That graces many a loved one's tomb. My riddle's done. Adieu! WILD BRIAR, Lamplugh. DOUBLE VERBAL CHARADE. (A word, each letter of which is, treated separately.) 15.-In salver, not in tray; In roving, not in stray; In snarling, not in scold; In grasping, not in hold; In flogging, not in whip; In vessel, not in ship ; In hillock, not in mound; In leaping, not in bound; In crayon, not in chalk; In whisper, not in talk; A poet, who died in March, you must find, And one of his poems then call to mind. C. FRANKLIN. NUMERICAL CHARADES. (A word, the letters of which form other words when rearranged as the numbers direet.) 16.-'Tis when dark Midnight spreads her bustle round The sleeping town, its virtue, vice, and scandal; 'Tis when the student, with blasphemous sound And nervous fingers, snuffs the midnight candle ; 'Tis then a horrid crash is heard below Near the meat-safe upon the second flat, A frantic rush, an agonized mee-ow, And whole instils the thought, " It is the cat!" 3, 2, 9 How bright is my face I 1, 6, 5, 8, 9 A relative trace. 6, 2. 4 You take it at tea. 3, 4, 8, 8, 9 And also use me. 6, 8, 9 You're doing this now. t, 8, 5, 9 All over the earth. 4, 5, 9, 1 Not of much worth. 2, 9, 5, 8, 9 Strength, so they say. And now, sirs, good-day. W. D. PICKERING AND ROBERT LE DIABLE. 17.-Say, have you heard 15, 10 5, 9, 4, 3, 20, 1 11, 5, 19, 16, 8? If 13, 9, 1, 2, 8, 14, 7, 3, 10, 15, 20, 1, 2 you've 21, 15 ex. cuse. Twelve-seventy-10, 9, 6, 20, March twenty-15, 13, 8, His life had just begun. 2, 8 was 12, 2, 3, 5, 9 bold and brave, Who fought, his native land to save. As king he met a stronger 10, 15, 8, And gave him blow for blow. Though thousands followed in his 1, 5, 12, 16, 17, From 1, 2, 8 red field he turned them 4, 12, 7, 17. The name his followers gave him learn, 1,2, 3 4, 5,6,7,8 9, 10 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17. 18, 19, 20, 21. M.IcTINr. WORD BUILDING. 18.-Begin with a letter-in joy and in sorrow 'Tis used, but its meaning from you it will borrow. With another prefixed it will stand for the same; Then add one at the end and 'twill give you the name (It was used in the long, long ago) of the sun; Add a vowel, and here is some music by one. . Now stir in a letter, shake all well together, And see what a breeze does in hot, muggy weather. Shake again, add one more, and, behold I it will spell A word that the children should know very well. A. M. P. REVERSION. IA word which read backward forms another word.) 19.-Ifiprst my sword and say, "SNow to begin the fray ;" I second off all blows, And soon kill all my foes. FLIBBERTIGIBBET. ENIGMIA. 20.-Formed long ago, yet made to-day, I'm most employed while others sleep; What none would like to give away, Yet no one likes t6 keep. J. M±sow.
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. -- (The final letters; as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 21.-My primals and finals two writers show,. Whose names to cons. in Young Folks go. Cross Words. To become liable. A giddiness. Acid, with roughness. To be quick. To covet. To overcome by stratagem. A fabulous region in South America.-G. W. HALL. ACROSTIC. (A word.or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 22.-The name of a celebrated composer who was born on January 27, 1765. Cross Words. A measure. A bird. An animal. A man's name. A flower. A flsh.-C. L. GoLDSTON, London. NOVEL ZIGZAGS. 23.- * * 1 11 * * * G * " 2 * * 12 * * * 3 * * * * 13 4 * * * * * 14 * 5 * * * * 15 * * * 6 * * 16 * S * * 7 17 * * . * 8 * * 18 * * 9 * * * * 19 * 10 * * * * * * 20 1. A tube used by various artificers to produce an intense flame. 2. A perennial plant and its flower. 3. To mention as an example. 4. A feminine name, meaning "warm hearted." 5. A Scripture proper name (Worces- ter). 6. Plausible. 7. Certain vegetables. 8. Not eaten. 9, Act of giving. 10. Bastions. Zigzags. 1 to 10. The name of a well.known cathedral town. 11 to 20. The name of an Indian princess who died on March 13, 1617. J. MooS. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 24.-1. Behead reckonings, and leave parts of fruit. 2. Parts of a tree, and leave cries of derision. 3. Certain jewels, and leave certain noblemen. 4. To desire eagerly, and leave part of a church. 5. Relaxed, and leave increasing tone or strength. 6. One who leases, and leave to embark in. 7. A flowering shrub, and leave to join. 8. In a floating state, and leave a raft. 9. A certain season of the year, and leave to bury. 10. To recite, and leave exalted. 11. A butcher, and leave a stratum. 12. Floating at random, and leave design. The primal letters of the last defined words, read down, will form the name of a distinguished author on etiquette, who died on March 24, 1773. J. Jon~STOa. 25.-A multitude please behead, And heat will remain instead; Behead once more for me, And part of sell you'll see. T. PICKAVANCE. HOUR-GLASS. 26.-1 * * * * * * * 10 2 *** 11 3 * * * 12 4 * 13 5 6 14 7 "* 15 8 * * * * * 16 9 * * * * * * * 17 Across. 1 to 10. A singing bird. 2 to 11. A genus of ant-eaters. 3 to 12. Part of the human body. 4 to 13. Anything snall. 5. A consonant. 6 to 14. An exclamation. 7 to 15. Prowess. 8 to 16. An eating away. 9 to 17. The state of a novice. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9. A noted composer, who died on March 26, 1827. 10, 11,12, 13, 5, 14, 15, 16, 17. A noted author, who died on May 20, 1864. J. M. G. SQUARE WORDS. 27,-A heavy weight for my first will be seen, 'Tis a very important weight, I ween; For my second a number bring to mind, And with fishermen my third you will find. F. C. FoorE. CONUNDRUMS. 1.-Why is a fine mountain pass like the Lord Mayor's banquet ? 2.-Why is a man bathing in the sea worse than a slave ? 3.-Why is a blind man's dog like the principal article in a newspaper ? . 4.-What is the difference between the marriage cere- mony and a marriage for love ? 5.-Why is the sun like a dweller in the far West ? FLIBBERTIGI BEET. 6.-What resemblance is there between a boy on a ship's deck, a man who pays for his meals at another's table, and the frontier of acountry ?-F. BOWLES, West Hartle. pool. 7.-What new substance would a mixture of bromine, arsenic, and sulphur form ?-W. M. HOLMEs, Easing. wold. 8.-What county in England might be spelt with two letters ?-J. H. VIVIAN, Croydon. AsswEns.-1. Because it is a splendid gorge. 2. Be- cause he is subject to the surf '(serf). 3. Because it is a leader. 4. One is a marriage rite, and the other a right marriage. 5. Because it is a western settler. 6. The first is aboard her, the second is a boarder, and the third-is a border. 7. Br. As. S. (brass). . Essex (S X).