THE IIPPLE TOURNAMENT, NABBATIVE DOUBLE OMEGBAMS.
oe o last letters of a word to sorn another word., ex- t pressed in the narrative.) (To Arthur Amerley.) ilfriend, I fain would stretch a welcome hand, And add a welcome edile, To think that all this while enot quite forgotten yet our dear old riddling band. did you keep away from us so long, When friends, both tried and true, Were calling oft on you oe sgain and help to swell the ranks of warlike song ? lndfow that you to us have thus returned, What do you with us find? The old times left behind, one loved singer gone for whom our hearts have often yearned. tbougbh old joys have faded from our sight, Yet new ones still arise To gladden longing eyes, ,lve that our old "Tournament" is still as gay and bright. lisbrigbter, too, to.day than it has been; A wanderer has come No more from us to roam, ithful as in days of old his welcome name was seen. en let the trupuuets loud in chorus sound, And bid all hearts rejoice, Since one old tuneful voice naed alott itsnotes of praise on old familiar ground. end Arthur, linger still within our band, And wander not away From those who still to-day and true, as in the past, united heart to hand. though with silent steps so swift and strange Old Time still passes on, And softly glides along, ithful hearts of faithful friends can never, never change. NELLIE WATSON, Cheshunt. ecrisis of our woes, which we're waiting, won't be long, ere lin'ring with two martyrs' resignation; rdsof rush impa'ience nor vocabulary " strong" demanate, nor bitter lamentation. landlord wants his "lucre," and be threatens us with dire dings, and we've not the will to extirpate ruthless modern Shylock, and we watch the dying fire, offour list of troubles calm the next await. lay our "household furniture" will certainly be mold, hough we'd really much prefer no auction here; set with Christian fortitude collectors who so bold g tax demands and such-like strange concoction here. ye ceased, to aid the misery, our " credit" at the shop am whence has come the humble bloater savoury; though supplies of torture show but slight desire to ill anelate, by whistling, fading bravery. 'hirtling operations to our comfort don't conduce, prmn,ptl. we're attacked by toothache superfine; trlaing folks are shrieking out orations of abuse use we can't discharge the debt that's due for wine. chandelier we're feeding with the fat of ancient perk, 'o ceased the application of petroleum; reeuesitating vengeance with a tripod and a fork that fellow who is playing his harmonium. eastication we'd adjourn, if fate would but relent, give as back the food destroyed by oven hot; tugh beneath two lucky stars our lives are mostly ortunes they unfortunately govern not. e verging on starvation, we attempt to gain relief parting with our best apparel and a ring; ig from our mission, we discover, to our grief, echimney has adopted ealamandering. rtuainl expected our misfortunes were at end, the house that has for centuries protected us atl own very sudden, standing orders to suspend, Iwith some missiles forcibly affected us. MONTE CHalISTO AND ACHILLES II. -" Fair hangs the apple frao the rook, But we will leave it growing," Says Wordsworth in his simple way, But rashly, without knowing; For though the apple once grew fair, With no one to control it, Alas I it is no longer there, For I'm the youth that stole it I Within a street in our town, Lote beautiful than Balder, She lined ant] grew, a maiden brown, And ltipsy Hope they called her. Her eyes were bright with wondrous light, From truth no power could bribe her; Be- lovely hair- But there, but there, How can I e'er describe her But time passed on, and Gipsy grew, And every time I met her Id row deep deep wit bin my heart I never coiuld forget her; Until completlyv changed I grew, All thought of sense denying- A glaguey sort of lunatic Who never ceased from sighing. Iroamed about without a mind, My brain forgot its thinking; Sco eldn'at ea t meals my meat, And even gave up drinking ! Ahe kinds of fruit I left untouched, I lnated apple pie, Per was not Gipsy now become The apple of my eye P And so at length it came, you see, Al at her own dictation; The apple left tbe apple tree To enter my plantation. And though it grows no longer where TI'here's no one to control it, lltvouch it still is growing fair, For I'm the youth that stole it. FoosooLicAx. NArERATIVE METAGRA. S ost oer word tO rrm another word, expresses ionly send this con. to say To introduce one's self is proper) in tend to join the fray, And write for famous Fourig Folks P.- benaow°r part of same--the ,,T". ~~frkdt~ Idi
NARRATIVE MONOPHONES. (Words of different meaning, bitt the same in soand, expressed in the narratlve. 5.-He was a curious-looking man, His hair was long, his cheek was want But in his carriage was a sign Of iron will and deep design. 'Twns in the Glasgow mail; I was a traveller to the land Of Scotia, Bruce's aucient strand, And he, the subject of my tale, Was in the same compartment then, Together with two other men, Who looked, as I, with curious eyes, In most unmannerly surprise, Upon the stranger, who full soon (As though he thought a priceless boon Were granted when he spoke) The solemn silence broke, And said, "I see, my travelling friends, Your admiration condescends To note my most distinguished air. Know, then, a greater far is here Than any noble in the land, Than any paladin or peer From John O'Groats to Cornwall's sand. Great power is mine-I sway the masses, And educate the higher classes; Napoleom's power scarce equalled mine, The Crown's a puppet in my hands; Even Parliament must "cut it" fine, And statesmen list to my commands. Where'er the English tongue is spoken, By every rule of grammar broken (And that is not a worthless token), There-there my power is known i" He ceased-we gazed in speechless wonder, And on his words began to ponder. Was this the G.O.M. ? By thunder! The marquis? Not Perhaps a claimant To royal crown and purple raiment, A name of high renown--- Just-then we neared a station. He smiled at our great consternation, And, gatherinug his traps together, Made some remark upon the weather, Opened the door, then, turning round, Said, " Gentlemen, to all my crimes 'Twould add to leave you thus in wonder, Upon my name and state to ponder; So I must say, ere I go yonder, I'm ' leader.writer' to the Times l" HEROULES. 6.-I've noticed you riddlers are often in Hades, It seems every one has at some time been there; With awe I remark that the "Tournament's" ladies To pay it a visit now freqnently dare. I'm quite a new knight, so iHephisto has never Invited me down to the region below, And so for some time it has been my endeavour Some further particulars of it to know. Who is it conveys you old Meph's invitation, Informing you as to the plac' and the time P I know Chtring Cross is the right railway.station- At least, so 'twas stated in Sewell's late rhyme. Oh, brokeun-down bards, I am dreaming each minute Of sweet pos ibilities should I be asked To Mephy's next gatheriug. When you are in it, Is each knight compeiled to appear there unmasked? The questions I'm anxious to ask are not finished, But bear with me just for a little time more. Are hours of labour on 'l.hursdays dimiui.hed Down there ? Do the Gover'nment clerks stop at four? Do the imps ever strike for an increase of wages ? Are "pubs" closed on Sundays the whole of the day P Does Meph ever scan through a new novel's pages P? And do his attendants get pretty good pay? I now wish to ask you a delicate query : Does Mephy possess only one little wife? And when he arrives at his home, rather" beery," Oh, does he experience conjugal strife? Now, if you are able, please answer these questions, For, I can assure Sou, i'u anxious to know; I'll be truly grateful for any suggestions Anent the proceedings that take place below. MOONItAKER. NARRATIVE PALINDROME. (A word which read hackwards or f arwards is still the same, ex- pressed in the narratlve.) 7.-Ha, hal my merry b rds, again I leap into the "Tourney;" It is my happiest moment when I'm sent upon this journey. I've come up by the midnight mail That runs direct from Hades, And Mephy said I mustn't fail To compliment the ladies. My greetings to ye, ladies fair, Miss Twomepy-lrish Norah, To Ina, Queenie (gemn so rare, Did not the knights adore her ?) To Miriam Gray, and Lilian D., Kate Moss, and Mary Miller, To Sophie, and to Maggie C.- Good lack and " lots o' siller." And now to Nellie Watson, queen, I bow in adoration; And hope my rative colour, green, And jester's humble station, Will not offend you, gracious Nell. To please you I will try, miss, And if the green's disliked, then-well, To please you I will dye, miss. The good Queen Nellie I will serve, Instructed by Mephisto; I'll order in the Court preserve, And in the sports asist, oh. But woe betide an erring knight, Should he conspire to harm her; I'll follow him-unlucky wight -- Until I melt his armour. So let us all be blithe and gay, All feuds and quarrels spurning; We'll sing and play till dawn of day Is in the east returning. But hark a sound I heard just then, It was Hephisto's bell rang; I must depart, but soon again I'll see you. Fizzle I bang, bang ! TaH Daose JESTER, Hades, NABRRATIVE DELETION. (brsp a letter from the word chosen, leaving another word, exz pressed in the narrative.) _.-I looked, and, lo I in the bleak, wintry sky, Cloud rolled on cloud, gigantic, grey, and grand, Like some defeated army, whose last stand Is made, and who, though loth, is forced to fly. On such a day, one thinks, well hope might die, For all around is dead; the icy hand Of winter stretches out o'eia all the land. This is the end of hope and courage high. Ah. no I for, see, in yonder cloud a rift; And look, a gleam of sunlight struggles through, And makes a radiance where before was gloom; Thns ever, though the oloan.e of dounbt may lota
NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Dro ' ie final letter of a word. 'aving iuiother Wbrd, exprelss in the narrative.) 9.--s we're lazy and have nothing much to do, Much to do, We intend to scribble off a con, or two, Con. or two ; And though subjects are so rare, Yet we think it only fair To inform you that we will not linger long, Linger long. We've a notion that this firm's considered mad, 'Sidered mad, But we'll never write a con. to make you sad, Make you sad : For it's in a wise man's rules. "Laugh at all the silly fools I' Though their wit at miarket value's an old song, An old song. Lady riddlers when they're clever we adore, We adore, As no doubt have many others done before, Done before; But we think of them so much, And our admiration's such, That we have to ease our feelings in a song, In a song. Sometimes we are quite inspired with fits of muse. Fits of muse, And we spout it out and fancy we amuse, We amuse ;, But as we're a luny batch Just escaped from Coluey Hatch, P'r'aps the ladies will forgive us it we're wrong, If we're wrong. BEFGHJRT. NARRATIVE DEC API.CURTAILMENT, (Drop the first and oist letters from a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 10.-Ye bards to whom it pleasure gives To read cons. when in "narratives," Pray list to these new positives, And likewise their comparatives. A loaf of bread is sometimes sad, But I am often sadder; And though a youth is termed a lad, An implement's a ladder. A story olt is called a tale, But Tess, we're told, is Taylor; And though a pailing's called a rail, A scolding girl's a railer. A piece of poetry's an ode, But perfume is an odour; And though a ton of coal's a load, A gun is a breech-louder. Poems on spring are very old, But that which hold's a holder; And though Philander Magg is bold, A big stone is a bouldiir. Acertain weight is called a dram, But " In the Ranks" a drama; And though a cured pig's leg's a ham, A joiner's tool's a hanuner. I've said enough-I can't ray why, Though ma) be you are v·rler; If water chilled should turn to ice, The author-well, is 1, si'r! THEOPaoraL Ports B. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first levter of a word, le vine another word, expressed in the narrative.) 11.-Ivanhoe, there hangs around you Quite a " .load of mysttry," And we " Tourney " riddlers wonder Who the dickens you can be. Some believe you are a female, But we can do naught but guess, And that you're the only " puzzler" One and all must here confess. As to our friend Vagabonds (Now so often in the " T."), Judging by his style of writing, I should say lie's C. T. P. Toss, we know, is H. A. Taylor, Johnnie Birrell's Captain K., George R. Hoddy is Moouraker, Witty Hector is Paul J. Ivanhoe, )ou are the "puzzler." Now, two questions I will ask: Do you write for Young IFolks Paper Under any other mask ? Do you really live in Belfast ? Tell me, I should like to know. If these queries you will answer, I the mask from you will throw. RITr. METAGRAM. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another word.) 12.-First buy, or beg, or borrow, A piece of paper white, And wait not for to.morrow, But first you down to write A riddle for this column Of last and chival.rie, With visage set and solemn, Resolved to do or die. Relentlessly you worry With rhymes perverse your brain; Your head gets hot as curry Before you get in train. Then like a flash of lightning A grand idea is found; Your mind at once seems brightening, The "T." you'll now astound. Then spend a month improving The rhythm and the rhyme, The words and phrases moving, Which all, of course, takes time . Your con. then write out neatly (A thing all must admire), For sending in completely, Then-" chuck " it on the fire I PAUL CLIFFroD. ACROSTIC. (A wordor words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 13.-I'd like to shake you by the hand, And give you friendly greeting; I'd like before your form to stand, And feel your grasp mine meeting. What joy to call you "my dear friend,'" To hear your welcome answer 1 This can't be done, and so I send This as a friendly stanza. Cross Words. This, though no insect, creeps the whole year through, And lends enchantment to the distant view. In this you've surely been when in the city; To guess me not would truly be a pity. The name above all others which foretells That love is golden in the laud of bells. What every woman owns, and every man Has carried since this wicked world began. They never can return again to thee ; They leave as like some riddlers in the "T." When we are this, it would not be too much To walk the country round upon a crutch. What eyerxh g must have-this con. as well. So uidw' em h 1nawr sll
NARRATIVE META-TRINOGRAM. (Change the first and third letters of a word to form anotb Sword, expressed in the narralvoe.) 14.-When presence of schooldays seemed thraldoma indeed- The time when our gender's most stupid- To the opposite sex I paid studious heed, An advocate ardent of Cupid. A mania this was with vigour, That had to be treated with rigourl I'd sweethearts in plenty, Inclusively, t*enty, Although scarce a generous figure. When schooldays had vanished I boldly aspired To Grace's exploits emulating; Of self.imposed labour for long I ne'er tired- Success is by paths undulating. Btit still I must make the admission, A failure was cricket-ambition; I never had more Than naught for a score- A score with the two an elision. Then after this failure 'twas music that charmed A nature susceptible to changes; The " Battle of Prague " made.the lodgers alarmed- Disliking the "fire" at close ranges. But Wagner they loudly upbraided, My quarters they promptly invaded, And gave me no peace Till I promised to cease The torture, so I was persuaded. I've finally come to the latest of all- I've got the poetical fever; And now I've responded to MDusa's sweet call I've found she's a heartless deceiver. For when after careful perusing Of dirges, friends vote them " amusing ;" Oh, Fortune, you jade, I am sorely afraid My destiny's somewhat confusing. AcbILLas II. ENIGMA. 15.-It came when the work of the day was complete, When hurrying folks left deserted each street, When night had advanced with its slow, silent tread, And day-short-lived monarch-was vanquished and dead, When Luna, whose coming had long seemed delayed, Appeared and illumined the eve's sombre shade. When day had been ruler I'd taken keen heed Ofeach hour, and its advent was welcome indeed. IPs stay was continued while aged the night Was becoming; and while it was waning in might 'Fore the breaking of day, which advanced slow and sure; And night, when its reign could no longer endure, Relinquished its power, and the sun newly born Ascended to herald the advent of morn. 'I he hastening steps of the many who toiled Was proof that the night of its throne was despoiled I The streets iy their silence no more could remain- The turmoil of day was resumed once again ; And the din of the traffic and hurrying throng Gave heed that no longer its stay could prolong; 'Twas then that it went, for its mission was done- Another day's record of toil had begun. J. STOCKS, Lambeth. DIAMOND PUZZLES. 16.-A consonant my first will show, Which often for an insect stands; My nztr, a surplice of the snow, Adorning certain creatures' hands, My third a fish reveals to sight; And jourtli's of Italy a part ; The ft ti('s a colour never bright Combined with an inflaming smart. Si, th is a rover o'er the hills, When sunbeams linger in the westg This tiny animal soon 1lsa A house with trouble and unrest. My eihjth a verb is sure to name, Or, backward read, a eer tain time; My last a consonant please frame. Good.bye, i'vi ended now this rhyme. T. JoBDAN AND C. F. BI.acxBUas . 17.-A consonant you first must place; 'Ihen for my second kin(dly trace That by whose means we live or die; For third a gentle beast espy; My central word now plainly shows What lies just underneath your nose ; Fifth means to deeply love, I ween; Never is sixth in plural seen; To end take one small letter more, Whose welcome aid i sought before. J. T. HENDERSON. CONUNDRUM. Dere wnz un old nigger dat libed awl alone In a cabin he made up ob wood and ob stone; He libed by hisself awl de wery long night, And teeohing by day wuz his only delight. He taut awl do woolly heads about de town, From Miss Cleopatra to Sylvauus lirow ; He taut by de rule wid de rod in his band, And nun 'gainst his argument ebber could stand. Wun day when he wuz in a jolly good mood, Wed a grin on his face, by his desk he stood, And axed do reason why it wuz made ob wood; And when nobody answered he said 'twas becuz It grew on a tree, and in season it wuz, Fur our wooden heads were do majoiity; Then he axed us what was de name ob de tree, And trashed us awl round cuz we awl didn't know, Then said he had give us de answer just so. Now what wus de name ob de wood ob de school, Fur most schoolmasters fitnd dun wery useful P W. A. LANSTose, Poplar. AtswxT.--Birch.