THE PUZZLER.
326.—CHAEADE. The morning breaketh clear j the light mist fades away, The golden sunshine wraps the scene ί·η colours gay ; All nature peaceful smiles, the birds are on the wing, And one might think " God's peace " had fallen on ev'rything. But hark 1 what noise is that which breaks upon the ear? It is a bugle-blast, and sounds so loud and near. Nearer and nearer still. " Get off the road," we cry, And, dashing forward fast, the Uhlans pass us by. The morning's peace is gone; the cannons loudly roar: " Let's forward to the front," and on the road once more We spring, then hurry on. Closer—by aid of first— The horrid din of war upon the ear has burst : The rattle of the guns, the mitrailleuse's grunt, The whizzing of the shells bigh o'er the hills in front ; The charger's dying neigh, his master's groan of pain, While both lie lowly stretched upon that crimsoned plain. From second now we gaze. O God ! that puny man Should ever venture thus to "mar kind nature's plan"— That tyrants' wills can plunge such thousands in a strife, Where each one does his best to take the f oeman's life- Where man is turned to beast (his nobler feelings gone), And blindly follows where the demon leads him on. The battle rages fierce till heav'n denies its light ; The " hell on earth " must cease though darkness of the night." And now some hours have passed, the silv'ry moon doth shine, And brightly dance the waves of the ever-flowing Rhine. " We'll onward to the ground where war has darkly reigned." Onward now push we fast ; the battle-field is gained. Amidst the wreck of battle my whole in heaps do lie Where man has made a stand—yes, bravely stood—to die! Death has issued forth from whole in sure yet com¬ pact state, And " useless evermore " is now my total fate. J. W. Musorave. 327.—ENIGMA. 1st days of yore I first obtained renown, And held a place in manya country town. Counties themselves, perhaps it may be said, Have often been divided by my aid. But though to separation thus inclined, I often in a prison am confined ; The jailer knows my qualities, which he Discovers when he likes to turn the key. My nature is as varied as my shape— Perhaps a woman or perhaps an ape. Sometimes of solid steel, sometimes of stone- In clusters probably—perhaps alone. The fare I have in prison may be scant ; Or in the workhouse, one remove from want. In me of. hunger many men have died ; Yet often aldermen over me preside. I may be carried in your coat or hand ; Yet hold within my grasp a deal of land. I stretch from north to south, from sea to sea, Though helpless, friendless, and in chancery. I am in hospitals where loved ones weep To see how parents die, while nurses sleep, Or worse than sleep, when to the ceuch they come With angry words, and redolent of rum. No longer am I deemed a refuge then, Butrather like a cruel tiger's den. My sex is masculine or feminine ; I own a bitter lot is often mine, And I am sometimes sold and given away, Or bartered with a sot for loss at play. My circumstances oft are very bad ; I hold the robber, drunken dog or mad ; And scenes within often are beheld, Black and abominable as of eld, Where cruel selfishness and greedy play Make friends of men who on each other prey. I am not always thus, for, change the scene, You'll meet me sometimes comfortably clean : A table, and a couch, two elbow chairs, A load of coals below the ancient stairs, A tidy-looking dame of olden time, A painted picture with a doggrel rhyme, A wooden clock, perhaps a fender briglt, An earthen flower-pot shutting out the light, A frying-pan, a rolling-pin, amat Before the fire, and a contented cat. All these, and more, are often in me found, While pleasant chat and gossip gather round. Reverse me now, and I will tell the truth, I am a remedy for aching tooth. Geo. J. Bell, Jon. 828.—DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Prat find out thio man : he's a mark on bis brow ; There's a dear spot on earth to each one ; A Queen of Old England I tell you of now ; This a good deal of mischief hath done; We're strictly commanded this never to do j She lived in the " long, long ago j" Buy it not in a sack, the bargain to rue ; Now just write two vowels below ; A metal for this I would have you indite ; Then the initials and finals read down, And they will two weapons display to your sight, Which are famed now through country and town. Jab. Alcorn. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 62,