THE PUZZLER. 134—EEBUS.
135.—TEANSPOSITION. Hstu ndewaerd ehtes opro ntcsonein, Tlil tdahe idd nde rhiet fregi ; Ni eon taoesnhr msar byte ddei, Sa twignan edu iflere : On braliu tsih tpyret ripa Mrof yan nana vrcseiee, Liti hrnio tedrabsre ypulsio Ddi rvoec mhet hitw vleesa. J. H. A. Langton, 136.—DOUBLE ACBOSTIC. Born in the " land of flood and fell," This author was, of mighty fame ; He loved to roam by wood and dell .· The initial letters tell his name. You'll find the finals will disclose Two of his well-known works in prose. 1—A bird that comes when flowers are springing, And goes when autumn winds are singing. 2—A far-off country this will show, Where tigers rage and spices grow. 3—This backwards read, and you will find A serpent—a most venomous kind. 4—For this men sail the Northern seas, And suffer many an icy breeze. 5—Through all the Avild and stormy night This oft has kept the good ship right. 6—When icicles hang from the eaves, This still iş clothed with fresh green leaves. 7—An English river here you'll see, And in the north you'll find 'twill be. 8—This, doubtless, you will oft have written, If you be a learned Briton. 9—The grain has ripen'd in the sun, And this is what must now be done. 10—A mount you'll find in Holy Writ, Whose top with lightning once was lit. 11—The Ides of March—oh, woful day I It did the greatest conqueror slay. 12—In Bussia this great town is found, For commerce it is much renown'd. 13—Upon Sahara's burning plain A traveller sinks and gasps for rain. 14—This, far across the Atlantic wave, You'll find a state that held the slave. B. B. S. Watson. 137.—CHAEADE. I know a lovely witch so fair, With face and form divine— Oh, dearest Maud, my lot you'll share, My heart is truly thine. In true love's purest bonds I'm last, My soul to thee doth yearn ; Around my heart a first you've cast— Oh, do not from me turn ! "Why, Will," she cried, "you must bemad To cherish such a thought !" I stood my whole, with heart so sad— I'm glad I was not caught. Wm. Mountford. 138.—CONICAL PUZZLE. 1—An industrious insect. 2—A river in Scotland. 3—A town in Scotland. 4—A town in Portugal. 5— A cape in Mexico, on the coast of New California. 6—A town of Prussian Saxony. 7—A group of islands in South America. The centre letters of the above, read downwards, will name a mountain in Scotland. G. J. Bell, Jun. 139.—CUETAILMENT. Old Kobert Jones a pig once killed, And cut it up next day ; And Avhen his wife my whole prepared, The meat in it did lay., If now my whole you should curtail, A coin you will detect, Which I have seen amongst the French, And never did reject. Quince. 140.—VEBBAL CHABADE. My first is in clear, but not in bright ; My second's in duel, but jaot in fight ; My third's in many, but not in some ; My fourth's in arrived, but not in come ; My fifth is in thee, but not in you ; Whole, a Scottish river brings to view. Neil A. Maxwell. 141.—CEOSS PUZZLE. 1—Old maids will ne'er to this confess ; 2—What much improves a lady's dress ; 3—You make clothes this when them you press ; 4—He writes to gain a livelihood ; 5—A trade by florists understood ; 6—A space of time, some two weeks good ; 7—A useful metal now we see ; 8—Likéit, we ne'er should idle be ; 9—Eaten for breakfast or for tea.—B. T. Norton. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in N0. 24. %* For answers to Puzzler in N0. 16, see preceding page.