TIM RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. META.PRECE-OMEGRAM.
e the frs letter and last but one of a word, to form (ghange the airltnother word.) On a bank of the Rhine, in romance proudly strong- (The wa I commence may first fnny) (Th stle in which had resided for long toed a erce and renowned Count Von Muneigh. The fier an ma who had once owned great wealth, For his forefathers, widom great using, e ad amassed golden store, but now gone, like his hrough fair-weather friends and carousing. evehrong, when the count sat alone in the gloom, In mood that scatrce next be called cheerful, faithful old steward crept slow to his room And told him, with countenance tearful, he state of his shattered exchequer-so low It could hardly suffice a week's living; And naked if his master would please let him know What to do-what advice he'd be giving. The count gave a curse and retired with a frown To soearch for some possible treasure; The ill.fated coffers he turned upside down, And beat in the bottoms with pleasure; t o, not a farthing rewarded his work, And curses would pockets not fill; bankrupt's position he could not well shirk, And with assets decidedly til. The family plate would not realize gold, Its value ind-ed was but neuter, Fmr months before had it been ruthlessly sold, And a substitute found in base pewter. erecalled an old joke which his friends had called fine (To furnish a rhyme I'll say fine, O 1) hat though he had draughts on the bank of the Rhine, They had failed to produce any rhino. This vulgar old joke he had told with delight, And a smile o'er his face was e'en stealing, When" I have it at last," he exclaimed; " I'll invite My friends, and appeal to their feeling." A banquet (the last he could raise) he'd provide, And trusting to vaguest of chances, They'd sumptuously dine, then to all he'd confide The state of his ailing finances. The chef'fore his master was summoned, and he Was told to be worthy his calling, Which he difficult found it quite promptly to be, While a near.starving larder was galling. The ev'ning arrived, and his friends, nnmb'ring siva- The rest had abstained for some reason : The fivi to excuse them did bravely contrive- They had probably feared the cold season. The count, smiling grimly, soon bade them commence, And after they'd finished all courses He told them quite plainly,'midst silence intense, The state of his slender resources. The first one admitted his money was forged, Three others avowed they'd not any, While the fifth, and the most sympathetic, disgorged Adoorkev, ,lay pipe, and a penny. How the count ira d and cursed. the retainers relate, He swore till the small hours of morning; And those of his servants who dared to await For instr ictions received a month's warning. At length, with desires suicidical fired, He called for his pistols-they got 'em ; In the meantime the count to the Rhine had retired To study the mud at the bottom. Aaearch was then made oy his servants so shocked, They hunted three days in succession; And that being count-less, the doors were all locked, And the rats were left in'possession. IMoRAL. Oh. never, dear reader, by any means dream Of squanlering your wealth-if you're wealthy; And headers ne'er take in a deep, flowing stream, For the mud that's concealed is unhealthy. J. STOCKS, Lambeth. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 2.-Whither, Freelance, are you roaming ? Roaming o'er the bounding main? We've not heard from you for ages- Please write to us once again ; For we miss first clever verses, And last "Tourney" 's looking blue; And, with you and lots of ladies Leaving us, what shall we do ? Queenie, Edie, and Miss Rendle, Coulson, Gow, and Sir John Cheu. Let, Franklin, Bear, and St. Adoock, Where, oh. where have you got to ? Have you all quite cut the" Tourney" P Have you no more strength to fight ? I'm ashamed of you, O riddlers. Come, come, take your pens and write. G. C. B. S.-Now merry May has come so gay, This year of '89, With fleeting showers to greet the flowers, And lots of first sunshine. O Weather Clerk; I pray you mark My earnest wish and prayer; Just kindly let the nights be wet, And every day be fair. If bua for me you grant this plea, Sseocid truly can I say That I'11 enjoy without alloy The merry month of May. MAoGIE CONQUElR, Newcastle. e-e come to pay my homage unito you, To ane Nellie, queen; ere your crown and throne with purpose true, Withall Neilie, queen. espect to last late honoured queen, I have come to take the oath Of fidelity and truth s asubject unto you with loyal mien. lam here prepared to fight for your cause, dtoold Nellie, queen: Sto hold your banner and first laws, m here Nellie, queen. as a supporter and a knight, Ever ready to engage, IhoAnd the civil war to wage, old any dare oppose your legal right, W. A. LANGSTroN, Poplar. " ihear first in a choir oft, where conductor gives the eelit t the ankle when you leap across a ditch. I'd fel it onthe ~ dnight hour whistling far away; harit ur body if on its track you lay. y , S n the indow.pae est's gentle pit.a.pat; . i- our head if you went out without a hat. 6 B. WA-r. *--Now, come, good riddlers of the "T.,'" ry to guess what this may be : Anorillt a ki. i of cry o;t heard, d l a shy, noctn:..: bird. A. T. HOWES A , G. S. AsTINs. "rnsee TlRANSPOSITION. nle letters in a word to form another word.) Cl.y. first is what we all have got, SBuit mine I much prefer to hide y neat Ihope that you are not, For unto greed it is allied. ]iLlmunlrnarsnEr,~
NARRATIVE METAGRAMS. (The first letter of a wonrld is changed, to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 8.-In a gloomy, gruesome forest, Where the thick and sullen branches Darkly frownel on stagnant waters, Lived the lone Le Solitaire. Darker than the thunderstorm clouds, Duller than his forest dwelling, Blacker than the pools of Hades, Were the thoughts of Solitaire. But one day a gracious message Came to him in charming language, And the kindly, queenly greeting Touched the heart of Solitaire. Changed were all his drear surroundings, Gone was all the former sadness- Glorified the happy soul-life Of the old-time dolitaire. Voiceful were the siren songsters, Zephyrs kissed his forest dwelling; Sunbeams danced in countless numbers In the home of Solitaire. Of the flower-wealth of the forest, Of the music of the breezes, Of the brightness of the brooklets, Gathered he a rich profusion; From Aurora's radiant lustres, From the golden sunset's tresses, From fair Nature's jewel-caskets, Culled he all the brightest beauties. Then the poet's high pulsations, And the patriot's lofty breathings Furnished him a priceless guerdon For his great and noble purpose; For he wrought his gathered treasures- All the beauties in existence- Into wreaths of veneration Worthy of the queenly sender. Nellie Watson, thus I answer, In the language of the forest, By the promptings of its spirit, All the greetings you accord me. I have answered, I have spoken. W. M. HOLMES, Easingwold. 9.-Farewell, Thessalian namesake ! sad adieu To thee that is no more, Olympus, where sang cheery and sang true, A mem'ry without shore. Parnassus risen has higher in the skies, Where mightier minstrels sing Than part-shod climbers, aspirants full of sighs, Pining for equal wing I The sweet Muse moaneth like broken reed, Pegasus groaneth-poor wingless steed ! Bereaved Muses over Tempe sail, Mourning their woeful loss-of no avail; The games are ended, Jove's designs are done; The wreaths of sweet wild olive, victor's meed, With nobler laurel now must bloom and seed, For all, alas! seem won. Then vale, ye Muses I grieve, ye Graces, grieve, As we sad minstrels old.time take our leave; Passing regretfully red Troys, Far Marathons and Spartan plain, Our ruined temples, where the numerous joys Once full in bloom in thought seem ours again. Farewell, farewell! If, in the sorrow-gloom, Hope of revival distantly may loom, Then are the Muses comforted, The minstrels joyous. Lo ! from out the dead Should new Olympia rise, mightier bards Shall also freshly rise to sing new lays, And earn the bays that triumphing awards. Ye wielders of the unpractis'd pen, oh, hear My mere voice pleading; the amateurs are routed I Our brethren leading have laid our fortress low. In "Tourney" may appear Olympus undoubted. Let all our soldiers speak. Hail, Ivanhoe I Thanks for thy words I but must he stay or go ? Come, Claughton's poet true, come, Juan kind, Misunderstand me not-my meaning mind. Come, Stocks the genial, and come, Mugg the gay, Your 'pinion valued make, and fairly say. Come, Johlnson, Barley, Drenon, Jefferson, Old times rehearse, and once more armour don. Come, Wyatt clever, Andrews, Offord skilled, Cule, Wales's champion, let the void be filled; And all ye new and olden friends, I pray, Prepare your swords for " Tournamental" fray. V. D. TAYLOR, Warrington. 10.-Ah, well do I know what it is to be weary, Ah, well do I know what it is to be " bad;" Ah, yes, I have known many long days, and dreary, But nothing to equal a loaf that was sad. 'Twas brought on the table while each one was chnffing, To joy that's spontaneous there's nothing to add; I thought at one time naught could stop us from laughing, For I didn't think of a loaf that was sad. We sat at the table for breakfast, we lodgers, And as a diversion on joking were mad; We did not expect that the morning would loeds us Around the " gay board" with a loaf that was sad. For once there was unity, Graves even yielded, De Vearse for a time had forgotten his fad- Jessop observed that his goddess, Miss Neild, did- And all till we tasted a loaf that was sad. Oh, well bred were they who kept cool exteriors, Jim Adams used language that's classified "bad," Shocking those lodgers who were his superiors- Oh, the cause of much pain was a loaf that was sad. F. JoHNsoN, Manchester. 11.-Oh, is it a dream or fancy That thrills' me with delight ? Or is it a morning sunbeam, To fade ere it be night? In accents sweet and tender, Oh, say your love is mine; And that your heart beats truly, As mine, love, beats for thine. Thy smile is ever near me, love, All through the long, long day- At night when all is calm and still I hear your sweet voice say: " It is not a dream or fancy That thrills thee with delight, 'Tis my love for thee, my darling, My only life and light." When morning wakes the sleeping flow'rs, All wet with ev'ning dew, 'Tis then I wake from dreams of love, And feel I live for you. Ah, 'tis not a dream or fancy That thrills me with delight, It is thy love from o'er the sea To make my pathway bright. CARACTAcus. 12--" He who would rise should fear no fall," We're told by some wise seer; But he who never scales the height A fall need never fear. T. E. B., Manchester. MONOPHONE. (Words of diflerent meaning,. but the same in sound.) 13.-At a dinner-table lately I asked a first a con.; But he very quickly nett it, And it caused no end of fmn. J. H. VrVIAN, Croydon.
DUAGRAM, (Change the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 14.-When April days were mild and fair, And nights were short and days were long, What better joys could we declare Than to forsake the unsimple throng, And stray amid the rich young fields With all the pleasure springtime yields ? So by the wood, the mead, the burn, Kindled beneath the sunny fire, Who would to crowds his longing turn, Or wish for hustling thousands nigher, To give to such a simple place The humours of a populace. By day and night, by night and day, New beauty to the world is born; New in the time when light is grey, New blossoming on many a thorn, The little children of the spring, Whose arms round their fair mother cling. In many a spot by branches twined, Where withered leaves are sere and dry, Primroses pale with brown combined-- The dead among the living lie; One with the sweetness of new birth, One faded in the lap of earth. The weedy ferns beneath the hedge Wave their tall flags upon the air; Or, hid beneath the river's edge, Make motion with the waters there; Or, first beside the river road, Points, finger like, to spring's abode. And in the sultriness of noon, When sounds are muffled in the sun, We hear a ceaseless clicking tune, And know the glad grasshoppers run With many a quick yet sightless bound, Stirring the silence with their sound. Far in the heart of distant trees The poet thrush his rapture sings, Answered by twittering melodies And echoed flute-like whisperings From warblers hidden in each bush, And where the waving grasses lush. Skies overhead deep azure hue, Melting in next towards the light; The sun-rays pierce the shadows through, And in a fold of heat unite; Fields are deep green with silver dress, And gemmed with budding loveliness. Glad heart of Nature, glad the birds, Life runs throughout the spring's domain; Thought of unutterable words Surges and swells through heart and brain. The life of life and death of death Are borne upon the spring's own breath. IvANHOE, Belfast. NARRATIVE DUAGRAMS. (Change the first two letters of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 15.-My heart is sad and mourneth-thou art dead; For thou hadst loved me in the days gone by, Ere grief, dark grief, o'er my young path was spread, Making an untold mock'ry of my joy. Ne'er from my soul hath that dark shadow passed That robbed my life of its one hope and thee; Since thou didst perish at its cruel blast. All, all is dark; the world is changed to me. Life knows no misery like this-the rest Are simple sorrows; but in this are blended All sweet emotions that disturb the breast When the life that once was my loadstar ended. And when, warm with the heaven that gave it birth, Love held its sway o'er ev'ry other thing, And thou, my darling, knew its sterling worth, All happiness it did to us then bring. In idle hours I fondly think of thee, When thou wast here on earth 'mid scenes of life, And happy times which did too quickly flee, Ere you became my gentle, loving wife. The palace of my soul hath perished quite, And on its ruins do I sit and brood, Thinking my spirit soon must take its flight To mingle with a deeper solitude. J. LEIGH AND G. R. HODDY. 16.-You asked me to senlyou a riddle, A narrative one, did you not P And told me to stop in the middle And give you a hint of the plot. It hurts me to keep a friend waiting, No subjects have I that are new; And I've no compunction in stating My brain's in a horrible stew. I'm sorry you're in such a pickle To think of a suitable theme; But, oh, nearly all things are fickle, And poetry now is a dream. g Like you, I'm exceedingly muddled, My bead's in a terrible swim; My mind is unsteady and fuddled, And always obeys ev'ry whim. That is the sole reason I ask you To send me a con. with a plot; I should have refrained and tasked you, But I thought you were blessed wi h a lot. For subjects an hour I've been groping, But nothing of note can I find; 'Tis needless to muse and sit moping, So here I desist, bear in mind. J. LEIGH AND F. W. CARTEn. CHARADES. (Formed ons word each syllable of whichl is a word.) 17.-My first grows in countries afar; Of my second many kinds there are; And if I have rightly reckoned, My swhole is part of my second. BLACK KNIGHT. 18.-I vill first write a puzzling con., For truly I'm not second; Nor am I in the " Tourney" list A total riddler reckoned. R. WATT. VERBAL CHARADE. (A word. each letter of which is treated separately.) 19.-In water, not in rain; In stick, not in cane; In love, not in haee; In destiny, not in fate; In bad, not in good; In dirt, not in mud; In riddle, not in con.; In father, not in son; In river, not in sea; Whole's a riddler in the "T." SWEET LAVENDEBR, London. LOGOGRIPH. (A word which may be treated as a metagram,deoapitation, dele- tlonand transposition, but leaves a perfect word after each operatlon.) 20.-Forfirst a weapon bring in sight, In war 'twas often used in fight; Behead, and you will quickly see A favourite fruit it now will be; Now if the answer you'll curtail, A vegetable you will hail. F. C. FOOTE. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 21.-A utensil this, you'll say; And, with nea, all boys pley. Iawo MAsm.
NARRATIVE CENTRAL CHANGES. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word, exr pressed in the narrative.) (With apologies to P. WyJatt, 0. Farncombe, S. De Bear, and J. W. Socell respectively.) 22.-Brown went down to Deal one day, Sea-breeze made him Feel quite gay; Thought he'd go out In a boat ; Paid his bob, and Went afloat. Caught some crabs, but Nothing more; Big wave dashed Away an oar. Brown was puzzled What to do, Wondered why the Sea was blue; Thought the scenery Was grand. Yet he saw no Sign of land. Sportive flounder Swimming by, Thought to catch it He would try; Boat upset and In he went- Stuck to rudder Like cement. Weeks he drifted- Sad indeed !- Lived on string and Bits of weed. Gave way slowly To despair, Punched his head, and Tore his hair. Scanned the horizon One day, Saw a ship not Far away; Used his shirt, I Must confess, As a signal Of distress. He is seen, and- "Boat ahoy !" Poor Brown faints Away with joy. Soon is taken Up on board; Rum ad. lib., And soon restored. Taken back to London town; "No more boats for Me," says Brown. HECron. (To P. Wyatt.) 23.-Methinks, presumptuous Wyatt, That I shall have t6 shy at Your head a brick; For that, I know, will cure you, And I heartily assure you 'Twonuld do the trick. Go, innocent, and study (Your eyes were rather muddy !) My con. again; In it you'll see I claim not The kingship, for I aim not O'er you to reign. You seem to have a notion That I would have commotion In this our ring; But know, 0 Mr. Wyatt, I strive to keep things quiet, Not have my fling! I never yet resented- Such tales you have invented- Our Marion's choice; May Nellie long reign o'er us, And ever go before us With her sweet voice ! PHILANDER MUGG, CONUNDRUMS. 1.-I was sitting alone on a night not long past, In no very bright mood, for the rain falling fast Was not at all cheering, when a knock at the door Quite startled me; in came my chum, Harry Store. We spent a nice ev'ning despite the loud rain (When one is quite sheltered why should one complain P), And over our cups (Epps' cocoa) a lot Of talk we indulged in; but still that is not What I meant to relate; so I think I'll commence, Or else wrath against me may well be intense. My friend, though no writer, takes ardent delight In scanning the pages of "Tourney's" fair fight; And one who excels in the lists he admires- To praise and applaud him he often aspires. Well, Harry, before he departed, announced He'd a con. to propound, and upon me he pounced; He wanted to know why the cons, that appeared From his hero resembled (the problem I feared) Two letters you knew years ago-N and G. I could not inform him : can solvers aid me P He says a supporter of " narrative craze" (His term is not pleasant) who sometimes displays A little proficiency should not take long To solve a conundrum in no manner strong. AcHILLEs II. 2.-Why would the Pope's palace never be full without me? 3.-What is the difference between a stylish girl's hat and a kitchen fire ? 4.-When is a boat like a prisoner P ANswEBa.-1. Because they are ingenious (in genius). 2. Because were I absent the Vatican would be almost vacant. 3. One is stove in, the other is in the stove. 4, When it is being bailed.