THE PUZZLER.
514.—DOUBLE ACROSTICS. A scene of Nature's grandeur this, Where tourists oft resort, I wis ; And doubtless the imposing sight Fills them with wonder and delight. 1. A weather-beaten man is he, And gains his living on the sea. 2. Fiud out this word, and it will show A serpent found in Mexico. 3. A military garment this, By ancient Romans worn, I wis. 4. Search out the word that's wanted here, A well-known fish will then appear. 6. A battle's name this will display, Where British soldiers won the day. 6. 'Tis better used by men of Tyne Than any in the boating line. 7. When you have found this word aright, A female name is brought to light. 2.— 3.— 1.— T. LlDGEETOW. By birth he was an Englishman, And sojourned far from home ; And he was thought infallible, For he was Pope of Rome. 1. This one I have upon my nose, But 'tis not very large ; 2. It came when Tom gave me а this On comiug from the barge. 3. A great deal worse it may have been If this he'd struck instead ; 4. ТЫз female says she'll throw a brick, And hit him on the head. 5. The reason why she takes my part You all will quickly see : A wife she's not, nor mother dear, But this she is to me. Joey Brown. Two brave allies of our nation, Famous both on land and sea, Ever ready at their station To defend the brave and free. Records of their deeds in story Have been published of their fame. Long may they deserve the glory That attaches to their name 1 1. A complaint, 'tis said, originates from cold ; 2. Worn by our cavaliers and knights of old. 3. Adorneth science, travels, and history ; 4. 'Tis past and gone : clear up the mystery. T. Hali. 515.—TRIPLE ACROSTICS. A central is my final, And on it stands my primal. 1. This city of France has been the всепе of strife ; 2. All things are this that breathe the breath of life. 3. Transposed, through many а land I wend my way } 4. This word means full or plethora, you'll say j 5. A dress is made of this for ladies gay. 2.— Initials, thirds, and finals down Name three subscribers of renown. 1. This part of speech in school is taught, And if it isn't, why, it ought. 2. Now please curtail an English town : You'll find it is of great renown. 3. In former days, if a man did wrong To another, there'd be this 'fore long. 4. Tn soldiers' barracks tbis is seen : It's where they keep their arms, I ween. 3.— Three English towns are shown below, All of which you ought to know ; So, solutionisfcs, just try 1 If their names you can descry. 1. This contributor represents a trade— At least, he teaches us how bread is made. 2. A liquid medicine is here portray'd ; I'm sure, to take it I should be afraid. 3. If you have children who do't go to school, You'll better this ; if not, you'll be a fool. 4. Every steamer on the trackless ocean Had she not these could make no motton. 5. If you're " wanted " at the police-station, Just this the " bpbbies " without hesitation. 6. Many a mile of it runs through the city ; Were we without it it would be a pity. J. W. Moran. 516.—ENIGMATIC ENGLISH TOWNS. 1. A colour and a house by α farmyard seen ; 2. A small town in France put behind a machine. 3. The way you go over, and what is below ; 4. A beast and a crossing to you this will show. 5. What would be great boons in a desert put here · 6, What's in every head, and a tree, this is clear. ' Jab. Whittaker. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 119. *% For answers to Puzzler in No. 107, please see preceding page.