¬ THE PUZZLER. 473.-CHARADE. dedicated to American Subscribers. %
e s ¬ ¬ e t n n y In England you Britishers talk all «day long Of Yankee ill-feeling j but there you're quite wrong. I'll show you Americans more as they are, Jest telling you first I am Habakkuk Barr. We're sharç at my whole, and our gecond we like : To get a good second my whole we oft strike. Oar ventures in nutmegs, our dealings in ham, Would gladden the heart of a true Uncle Sam. There's plenty more like us, the regular sort, We stick to our word as Americans ought. Sometimes at my primal our " cocktails " we sip, While we pour out our bragging from each ready lip. We boast of Niagara, our steamboats, our cars, Our banner bespangled with myriad stars, Our senate, onr orators, our singers, debates ; We boost of the crops that are raised in the States ; In fact, what а regular Yankee thinks most of, regular Yankee is certain to boast of. New England's the country we notions the best, Old England's the country we eeem to detest. We brag, but we know we had better by far Hold our tongues than engage with Old England in war. We're careful we don't go to too great a length : While you prudent Britishers husband your strength, You know the true metal is under the sham, And think none the worse of your friend, Uncle Sam. Stanley Beamall. 474.—SQUARE DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Thet put him in а leathern bag, And dragged him through the town ; 'Twas thus died one, by Tartar hands, Who proudly wore the crown. 1. A caliph proud and boastful, too, Who wore a golden veil ; 2. This piece I've heard α mony times, And never knew it foil. 3. Their leader was a prophet false : Mahomet was his name ; 4. This is a figured silk, I ween, Which once was known to fame. 5. A palace this in Spain, perchance Built by the Moors of old ; 6. The wisdom which this man possessed Was better far than gold. 7. An English stream well-known to those Who with the Thames are versed j 8. The last one is, without a doubt, The very same as first. Joet Beown. 47S.-ENIGMA. Гм possessed by the hawk and birds of bright fea¬ thers, Am owned by old maids, their sisters and brothers ; The butterfly gay claims me as its right, So also the lion, that prowls in the night. More claimants have 1 than things aught beside; I am useful to all to enlighten and guide. Like the flowerets in May, I have colour and hue : Sometimes I am black, sometimes azure blue, Brown, baerei, and gray, like the first streak of morn, But seldom am leaden, or of beauty shorn. I sparkle and twinkle and dance with delight When lovers are happy, and prospects are bright. A priceless bright gem, and handsomely set ; In mirthfulness dry, but in sorrows I'm w^et. I laugh when you laugh, and weep when you weep, And when you're afflicted a vigil I keep. Unaided.by me, man in darkness and gloom Would be groping his way from his birth to the tomb. J. Davies. 476.—ARITHMOREM. i Though winds tempestuous prevail Upon the heaving main, Guided by first, the last will hail Old England yet again. Now Dover's cliffs appear in sight, His sweetheart on the strand, He dances in his wild delight, Ecstatic now does land. 1150 and A . Peaceful. 1000 „ O age . The last. 1500 „ Emo . Dreadful. 1+52 ,, ΓΡΓΙιοορ . In Turkey. 1502 „ Eat ou Λ . . Eor the G. J. 50+56 ,, See . . In Spain. 51 „ Or as. . . The finals. E. F. Stoly 477—DECAPITATION. A cast I mean ; A fish is seen When I am of my head bereft"; Behead, curtail, And without fail A useful article is left. Jas. C. Scholes. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 107. *„,* For answers to Puzzler in No. 95, please see preceding page. - - fo C in in w 1- * 3- " n C