THE PUZZLER.
255.-PRIZE CHESS-BOARD PUZZLE. Вт Quince. I sat me down the other night, And soon began to nod, When Fanny said, " Wake up and read About this fishing-rod." I read it down, then thought I'd try A puzzle new to write. I tried some time, when all at once My chess-boSrd was in sight. Eight words I placed upon the blacks, And eight upon the white ; Two names, diagonally, then Appeared before my sight. Now, number one upon the blacks A drug wiU bring to view ; A Roman bard of great renown Is seen in number two. In number three you see a town, And first in number four ; A shining globe in number five ; A gulf you next explore. A priest of, fame for number seven. Who wrote of Saxons bold ; Now, Cupid's name for number eight You will at once behold. For number one upon the whites A town in Wales select ; A river find for number two ; ■ For three a town detect. A wine for four, a cart for five, A fruit for number six ; Fragments next you bring to mind, Then Egypt's river fix. 256.—PRIZE DRAUGHT-BOARD PUZZLE. By R. W. Clarke. Махе а sketch of а chess or draught-board, And then all the " white squares " cover With the eight parts concealed below, Which you must first dis-cover. To assist you, I may further add, Each part four letters will contain, And eight times four makes thirty-two : The " white squares "—very plain ! Now, the eight parts, when read across, Eight different words will name ; And strange, yet true, if downwards read, They're unchanged just the same. 1. A well-known bird, upon my word ! The first part will supply ; If young 'twill make, and no mistake, A right good kind of pie. 2. This that bird has got—what bird has not ? 'Tis most useful, tho', to birds of prey ; The " Golden Eagle" amongst them " regal," Oft uses it, you will say. 3. This well-known man name if yon can : A statesman, oft in London dwelling; No more hints can I to you supply, If so, the secret I'd be telling. 4. This is a foreign city—oh, what a pity That travelling charges are so very dear ! Were they not so, you and I would go To see that city this or next year. 5. This often is said, as often read, By Christians everywhere ; 'Tie said by you, and by me, teo, At morn and evening prayer. 6. Joseph Snooks Brown, а swell " on town," Got а lot of things from " Payne and Co ;" This does for them—will he pay ? Ahem ! Not likely !—" Not for Joe 1" 7. You oft hear people speak (I do every week) Of this quarter as the " Land of the Free ;" When I've heard it во styled I've invariably smiled : What right has it thus named to be P 8. Jones and Sam Bligh, De Vere and I, · Took tickets last night for the " Queen's ;" 'Twos rather slow ; but then, you know, We this behind the scenes. 257.—MUSICAL ENIGMA. I go with you to ball and bridal, And if in haste to reach the tidal Boat or train, it's plain to see You'd often miss it, but for me. I'm very useful every way.: What would you do without me, pray— The city gent, or fast young lady, Or madam, with her nurse and ЬаЪу ? I fetch the children home from school ; You've but to call me, as a rule. Sometimes, I know, I'm not quite willing, Yet many claim me for а shilling. I go with you to church or play ; In fact, you see me every day. I'm often used by clerk and proctor, Yet still more often by the doctor. You'll smile, perhaps, or think I brag, To hear I always hoist а flag ; But, then, no wonder if I'm proud, The papers talk of me во loua. Now, pray, monsieur, or pretty dame, Please write in music my small name. M. Mellett. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 46. *«,* For answers to Puzzler in No. 36, please see preceding page.