THE PUZZLER.
484.—THREE TRIPLE ACROSTICS. (Selected from those sent in competition for the Prize.) Вт James Whittaker. 1,— Of those below The firsts will show A nationality, To which belong Both sons of song, Of war and chivalry ; And you will say That to this day Those sons still hold а place, For riddlers great Nexts and lasts state Two of that famous race. 1. A living English author's name ; 2. The first French monarch this will frame, 3. This one is hidden or unknown ; 4. A Russian town in this is shown. 5. This town in Wiltshire you may see; 6. And last of all put letters three. 2.- The first letters down, And the finals the same, Two names of renown Will most certainly frame, Which in the G. J. After riddles you'll find ; Of what nation they The third bring to mind. 1. A part of most houses the first will disclose ; 2. A man's Christian name for the next you'li transpose. S. The third letter take from the hill you put here ; 4. The office of an underteacher, 'tis clear. 5. In Russia this prefix means lower, you'll find ; 6. A part of all birds this will bring to your mind. 7. What leaves do in autumn, though gentle winds blow ; 8. In Piedmont α town less one letter, I know. 9. A man's Christian name in this one all may see; 10. An action, of course, this the final will be. 3.— Of those I indicate below The first and final letters show, As sure as that my name is James, Two of our G. J. tiddler's names ; And the fourth letters down as well What countryman each is will tell. 1. A magistrate for this put down ; 2. Add nothing to а Russian town. 3. A minor judge without the head ; A. This reál or inward is, 'tis said. 5. This town, you'll find, is Portuguese ; 6. The act of stretching, if you please. 7. From a famed nymph drop letter three t 8. A Russian town in this you'll see. 9. This town's in a far-foreign land ; 10. Destruction this, you'll understand. 485.—TWELVE SHORT CHARADES. (Selected from those sent in, competition, for the Prize.) By F. J. B. Peters. 1.—My first is a fish ; my second's the same ; My whole is a fruit of eminent fame. 2.—My first is to steal ; my second's not out ; My whole is a bird: you've seen it, no doabt. 3.—My first perhaps you are ; my second's a tree ; My whole, you will find, an order will be. 4.—My first is a dog ; my second's а town ; My whole near the window may often hang down. 5.—My first is to learu ; my second's a trial ; And so is my whole if you seek it awhile. 6.—My first is above ; my second you possess ; My whole in the zenith I leave you to guess· 7.—My first is an animal ; next is the same ; My whole is an animal ; pray give its name. 8.—My first is a parent ; my next is α friend ; My,whole* s authority seems at an end. 9.—My first is even ; next a relation ; Whole oft preaches to the nation. 10.—My first is a forest ; my next is a bird ; My whole is another, of which you havo heard. 11.—¡My first is α tool ; my second's α den ; My whole is a place for cutting, I ken. 12.— My first is a colour ; my second's a pit ; My whole you'll find if you've only the wit. 488.—METAGRAM. Complete, I'm the name Of a city of fame, Which fought for our liberty years ago ; But change you my head, And you'll see instead An Irish county I'll certainly show ; But change head again, And then 'twill be plaiu That I am a fruit which I think you have seen. One more change, I know, That to you I'll show What people may be when they're happy, I ween. Jas. Whittaker. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 110. *** For answers to Puzzler in No. 98, please see preceding page.