THE RIJJDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE MONOPHONE.
Sos different meaning, but tihe same ine soui1-, expresse in srdBot th e narrative." L.Oh, Raebeds, what a startling tale You tell in 959 ! You made my cheeks grow ghastly pale By what you did define. To link me with infernal powers Was really far too bad; It banished all my happy hours, And welcomed all the sad. That I once wore Mephisto's name rIm frightened now to own, And won a rather doubtful fame When by it I was known. [ wish I'd used a brighter one, Knight, admiral, or prince; For I have smelt (this is no fun) Of brimstone ever since ! Lord R. le D. most clever is, A beaming, riddling star; But I don't envy him his bliss In Atades' walls afar. For when he raised my bogus veil, The real MIephisto frowned In various styles, to make me quail, And bring me to the ground. I yielded, and it made each knight Feel dreadfully surprised ; But, really, one is useless quite When she is mesmerized. And Robert's master haunted me With one long spell of pain, Until I promised faithfully To do it ne'er again. Absolved from all that was my due, I felt a great relief, Until the dreadful day when you Rtecalled my former grief. Then Rlobert came, with kindly thought, And answered for us both; de gave the knowledge which you sought, You took it, nothing loth. It is not I who stands so high, And he who shines so low ; For in my heart I'm forced to sigh, "'lTi just reversed, I know." But just to show that I am right In what I would explain, I'm Nellie Watson as I write, And so I shall remain. NELLIE WATSON, Cheshunt. MONO P'HONES. (Wordsof different neanine, but the same in sound.) 2.-A letter I did try to first, But could not spell concurred; I asked my aunt, who set me ntet, And spelt for me the word. FLIBBERTIGIBBET. 3.-" Was the frst drowned ?" I quickly said; "Oh, no," said John to me; "He clung quite tightly to a next, And was saved from the sea." J. H. VIvixN, Croydon. ACROSTICS. diardor words, formed o: the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 4-Yct're requested, friend Will, that a con. I should writae, But how can I even essay it ? re suarcely a theme for a riddling thought, Although I'm ashamed to display it. I're written out printals like heads on a string, I've written some difficult verses; I've also composed on the " beautiful spring " That poetical sorrow disperses. It evident is that I'm rambling in theme, My MIuse though I cannot uinspire'; So-- Here comes my servant, who loudly does scream, "Oh, master, the house is on fire !" The cause to discover I've earnestly sought Of that accident dire I've mentioned; !rlen confess that I oftti mes have thought 'Twas done by the badly intentioned. The lire soon was ucunched -I continned again To discover a theme for a ridd:e, When it would-be musician cominmenced a refrain Outside of my house on a fiddle. Siuicieut I thought was the evil thus made, 50 I quickly dissolved iuto weepilg ; And finished by waking to find I'd displayed A tendency greatly to sleeping I Cross Words. "Oh, give me, first," seventh second said, A pnny, that I may third bread." Ah,. iorth, my sith," the man replied, "Here is a last-you're sorely tried." FUlu, the youngster took the last, Aud hurried off to break his fast. E. W. GEonoE AND W. L. MILLER. Foundation Word. 5,-IIy pri,,las, read aright by you, A statesman will disclose to view. An Cross Words. An Indian root of hot taste. A celebrated seaport rvU'A . river in Scotland. Something that is swnot: to ultins. 'the Turkish name forConstanutinoi o. 'That .tich, atdesire to do. A foreign fruit. A 1 w"or. A Sstone, l, Widies. Fcuudation Word. .-A wvrrior wvas he, Who sailed the rolling sea, And for his native laud Stretched forth his strong right hand. One of ba Cross Words. nctd is battles. A bird of prey. A large torwn in ngl maning man. A fruit. A town in Italy. T. E. Pncrava'ce. CHARADES. ( orn e on a word each syllable of which is a wo: d.) .blMy first is a colour we often see l)isplared on the " Tourney" page; My 5.'rotid's a part of dress, you'll agree, Which sometimes is " all the rage." ily )holLe is a bird which sings at night, Filling every listener's heart with 'delight. WILD BRIAR, Lamplugh. 8-A shulng goat will be my first; I ss t sleep for nent you'll see; if you ave ri ghtly ges'd these two, 1o carry off cUy a'hile will be. J. 1t. VIVIAN, Croydon. -T TIDDEN KNIOHTS, ask.) T3 ah I long to see him. He has chosen a small rkh iC , aqu1l is so well made I rather thiunk it a tie .'OatU ty ur Liunso k him. Now and then we scau reate much tuirth go his bright verses. These usually R. WArT. e'0 IIIDDEN INSECTS. a so efidetly is not .large ecnongh. We ran . nlt oln eaiting chase. I was pirs piring SB " athat t"rri-"l ,t the stati0on. .10)o re- -i , - -ur nches long to fimnsh his pigeon- A. T,. h( tu'a Aj 0, hi. ahsnes.
NARRATIVE DECAPI-CURTAILMENT. (Drop the first and Inst letters frnm a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 11.-Tim Jappes was a flunkey, A regular monkey, And proud of his calves was he; He powdered his hair so, And, really, he'd stare so, You'd think he was trying to see I He strutted so vainly, To show people plainly He always had plenty of cheek; Which wasn't the ticket, For though he could " trick it," He'd only two shillings per week I The coachman so bony W as Tim's faithful crony, And oft in the coachhouse they sat; In all sorts of weather They'd drink there together, And in confident tones would they chat. Tim talked of his "guv'nor," Said, " Neither for love nor For money would he with me part; He can't do without me, And never could doubt me, For I hold a warm place in his heart l" But there came a disaster, For their gentle master Did go to a banquet one night ; And the coachman so jolly, To drown melancholy, Swore by all the gods he'd get tight I The boss found him nervous, Dispensed with his service, And, wishing no more time to waste, "Confounded " the treat, and Then mounted the seat, and Drove home in a terrible haste. Tim at the door met him, At once went to let him Alight from his perch to the ground; He ope'd the door wide, and Looked quickly inside, and The carriage was empty, he found ! " The dickens !" he muttered, The while his heart flutterod With ecstasy, joy, and delight; " I'm in for a spree now, I quickly eau see, now, For he hasn't come home to-night!" Cried he to his chummy (?), " What's kept the old dummy? I reckon he's up to his larks! Next moment he t, a Most terrible " belter," And soon he saw trillions of sparks. "You really astound, you Young reptile-confound you ! How dare you insult me like that ?" Said master to flunkey, "You impudent monkey, I'll pommel your nose till its ilt it" "Oh, master," said Timmy, "I hope you will gimme One more chance-I've made a mistake; I thought you were Joe, sir; But now, sir, I know, sir, And "- " Cut," said the boss, " or I'll break "- He lifted his blucher, "'Twill teach you in future"-- Tim fled from the place with a shriek; And he often regrets how, And never forgets how, He lost his two shillings a week. MORAL. Whatever you're earning, Nobody be spurning, Your livery's nothing at all; You'll soon come a cropper, A terrible whopper, For pride always must have a fall. HECTOR AND .1. BIRltELL. NARRATIVE META-TRINOGRAM. (Change the flrst and third letters of a word to frmn another ol'rd, expressed ill the Itarsa:ive. 12.-He'd heard of remarkable deeds with the biat, And the bowler's crack trick designated the " hat;" He'd heard of the skill which these cricketers show In punishing bowlers, both rapid and slow. He'd seen how artistic the white suits display, And he thought he'd prepare for the bat and ball fray. So he joined a small club, and declared he would try To emulate Read and the rest by-and-by; He practised a month in his ev'ryday dress, Atnd fancied his efforts were crowned with success. Then in his white flannels he made his ddbut, And thought of the wonderful things he would do; Alas for his thoughts I he made only a " duck," Bat widely exclaimed that "'Twas deuced hard luck !" Said he, " I am not in my beat form to-day, But next time I'll do better work. I daresay I" And, true to his word, better stuff he did do, For the next time he raised the grand total of two ; Then highly elated he strode from the field, And knew that his powers at last were revealed. So time passed away, and our cricketer bold Was quite an adept at the sport, I am told; And great were his pride and couceit, I'll be bound, When the principal tmatch of the season came round. He strutted about with an air of disdain, And vowed on the ball he'd inflict some slight pain; And when he went is, number seven, he swore That he'd show them the way to run up a tall score. For there'd been a collapse, his side had a scare, liunt he didn't mind it-why should lie despair ? So hetook up his stand, while the umpire called " Right I" But, oh I of that cricket ball he lost all sight. tII lifted his bat and receded with haste, But forgot that the small wicket-keeper it faced; And he dealt him a whack, while he said with true wit, " Well, I'm dashed I but I have made a fine cutting hit!" S. DE BEAR AND HECToR. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letter,, as well as the initi.ls, form a word, or wort,l.) Foundation Words. 13.-In days of yore This lady often used to write Please write once more, And gladden each fair dame and knight. Where have you been ? You said you'd ne'er forsake the " T. ;' VWhen here you're seen, You'll fill our hearts with joy andl glee. Cross Words. In first you'll ntw an island's name; Near Borneo you'll find the same. Next yon'll find upon your head is; My third you often crack, I wis. For fourth a compass point please find ; 'Twill speedily come to your mind. Curtail at star my ft th to make; Last's another word for mistake. ArA SuYE. IETAGRAM. (Ohu:rao thSt Cr5 letter of a:l wrd to form sanother wor .t 11.--I am a kind cf fruit.; ehlnge my head four times, and I shill be a b.as+, terrcr, is burn, and nil ancienat kimn. Ionri. \Yidces,
NARRATIVE BETAGRAMSS (Ohange the second letter't a word to form anothet' Wotd, ei- pressed In the nalrative.) 15.-Bow dowln, ye brave knights, To the kingly Philander ; Bow down, all ye knights, To our kingly commander. Shout, shout, all ye warriors, With loud approbation; We crown him, we crown him, Amid acclamation I He comes like a monarch, The King of the Riddlers; Start tooting, ye flutists, And scraping, ye fiddlers. Hail him, musicians, Do homagee spectators; For he is the chieftain Of all gladiators. Ye knights of the goose-quill, Salute ye the ruler; Salute our new monarch, Aud give him a " cooler." Bring out that old saucepan, And sing " Rule Philander;" Salute with your might, boys, Our comic commander, O monarch majestic, You've one stount upholder- The knight who is writing; And who could be bolder ? Unfurl your big banner, The field is before you; I've drawn my long " toaster" To flourish it o'er you. Come, friends, to do homage To the King of the Writers; And promise allegiance, Ye noble inditers. Hurrah for the monarch I Three cheers for Philander, The Chief of the Riddlers, Our mighty commander! HERCULES. 18.-I'e pohdered and thought pretty deeply of late- And the reasons completely dumbf, nod me- O'er the wonderful twistings and turnings of fate, And the natures I see all around sme. There are dozens and dozens of people I know, Some well, and some merely by name ; But it matters not whither I venture to go, There's never a nature the same. There are some who are careful and keep all they're got, And some who are always well treated; There are some who are jolly, and some who are not, But all, oh, yes, all are conceited. And I've noticed a thing that is curious to see, Tht those natures whose pride 'tis to boast, nbud the folks who possess the least reason to be, Are the folks who're conceited the most. Some men are contented and welcome as flowers, Some poor, and some dreadfully proud; Some sit in a corner and don't speak for hours, And some just as boisterous and loud. And some for a fight will go miles from their way, And some are afflicted with funk ; Some like a good smoke, and. I'm sorry to say, There are nine out of ten that get drunk I [Here the author suddenly remembered that he was thirsty, and disappeared mysteriously "round the corner."] FoONOOLICAN. NARRATIVE DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 17.-Blue fire and black thunder, Look fearful with wonder I I've just sprung from Hades To visit the ladies, And "Tournament" knights, too, To join in your fights, too, I have ! Look well to your lances, And lavish your glances, Ye "'l' ornlnamen t" 'misses, And Slare not your Lioes And lovely caresses To hint who addresses, I 'tis! I've come by a hansom Cab, with a huge ransom Adorning my body, Which savours of toddy; But now I'm a member, A very warm ember, I aml But here I will bid you Adieu, for I'm wid you Not long at each visit ; So now I'll elicit Farewell from enah Doetr. (I hear you cry "S , it I" I will !) SILVER SHIELD AND HIS UncLE. (To Nellie Watson.) 18.-Queen Nellie of our " Tourney" bright, I pledge my word to thee That ever in thy caueno i'll fight, And always ready be. Thy foes will find my sword is strong, As also is my lanee; And when they do thee any wrone, Command T. PicUAVANCs. NARRATIVE DUAGRA1. (hange thie first two letters of 's w.rd to form another word, ex- pressed 1I1 the narrali e.) 190.-The skies so blue and bright Arc: shrouded from our sight By stormy clouds that lower thick and grey, Hiding the suect glow; The wind is moaninug slow A wild and sad requiem for the dying day, Now as I sadly gaze The dreary autumn haze Creeps from the river over meadows low; Wrapped in the misty voil Ahlike both hill and dale Are lying, as the ehades of ev'ning deeper grow. As I survey the scene That in summer.time had been So fair and bright with singing-birds and flowers, I recall the long past day When my heart with joy was gay, And Love's own sunshine lit the swift-winged hours. But my summer, too, is dead, Fair Love from me has fled, E'en Hope no longer cheers my troubled breast; The memories of the past Are clustering round me fast, While I vainly seek to conquer my wayward soul's unres5. When Nature's winter hoar Is past, sweet spring oince more Will bless the earth with her blithe, hapipy reign: 'IThoe, ipatieuno, heart of mine, V',.rchauce for me nlay shino A occourd aritg of loetve to blo's iny s;oul;,1 c;c. iti.is:,5" ti"iT
NARRATIVE DOUBLE OMEGRAM. (Change the two last letters of a word to form another word, ex' pressed in the narrative.) 20.-Johnnie Fitznoodle was madly in love With the girl who lived over the way; He watched her fair face at the window above, And treasured a very small buttoned kid glove Which she'd dropped aocideut'y one day, And unto himself he would say : "Oh, sweet, pretty creature, How grand ev'ry feature 1 Those long, wavy tresses Invite one's caresses: I love, I adore bet I Oh, shall I assure her Upon my knees bended That Cupid's intended To pierce me at once with his dart, And shatter the core of my heart ?" Nob, Johnnie Fitznoodle, the jolly young guy, Intended to win this fair maid; So one summer's ev'ning her house he drew nigh, And with him he had his guitar, by-the-by And while on it sweet music he played; In these words he did her serenade i' Oh, sweet pretty maiden, The light's quickly fadin', The stars are now shining, And, oh, I am pining To kiss those lips cherry, My sorrows to bury; To tell, to assure you That I do adore you, To press you quite close to my heart, And swear that from you I'll no'er part," Then soon at the window her face did appear (But her father he had not beheld); So he sighed, " Oh, my darling, you nevet ni'td fe' :* For, dearest, thy only true love is nou hoer To-- Oh, golly, what's that P" he yelled, As by a big boot he was felled. When his senses he found, he Arose from the ground; he Picked up his guitar, And he went away far From the house of the maiden He'd been sorenadin', And swore by his soul she Was very unholy ! And thus he w:as forced to depart From the home of the pride of his heart. HECTORi AND J. BstRREt,.w DECAPITATtIO¶. (Drop the frst letter of a word. leaving another word.) 21.-When we go by a first to the seaside, It makes us very vexed Just when our journey's finished and It then begins to next. F. E. HIsD, Hull. ENIGMA. 22.-My first is in train, But not in rain; My second in foam, But not in tome; Miy third is in course, But nQt in horse; My fourth is in rust, But not in lust; Sy filth is in soul, But not in roll; My last is in slain, But not in main My w)eole, an emblem of strcdietti, Traversed by the sun at length. J. JoNas. DOUBLE DIAMOND CROSS. (Each star represents a letter.) 23,- " C " C " * " " Upper Ieft: ,. lotter in none; a duometic auimual; the tiue between sunset and sunriseo; a small piece; a letter in :sway. Centrals read upwards, a town in Lancashire. Upper right: A letter in waste; the edge or margin; a ferocious animal; an article used in cricket; a letter in inch. Centrals, read downwards, a town in Lancashire. Lower l, t: A letter in wash; close and easy setting of a dress; not dark; cheerful or merry; it letter in win, Centrals, read downwards, a town in Lancashire. Lower right: A letter in note; part of the head; not loose or slack; a useful little article, having a sharp point ; a letter in want. Centrals, read upwards, a town in Lancashire. Centre, read downwards: Not loose or slack. Centrd, read across: A town in Lancashire. FLIBBERTIGIBBET. TRIANGLE PUZZLE, (Each star represents a letter.) 24.--1.* * * * * * * 4. * * * J. Y 7. 1. A kind of marble. 2. A noise. 3. A range of moun- tains in Africa. 4. River in Africa. 5. A cold substance 6. A preposition. 7. A vowel. T. E. PICKAVANCE, PALINDROMIC SQUARE WOZD)S. 25.-l-ackwards or forwards a certain time; Backwards or forwards a prince is here Backwards or forwards a prince so prime; Backwards or forwards the sun makes clear. C. F. BLACKBURN,