THE PUZZLER.
* The asterisk denotes that the article to which it is affixed was sent in competition for a prize. 108.—REBUS. 109. — TRIPLE ACROSTIC* (A Capital Acrostic. Ed .G.J.) My second appeared in my first with my last, Deck'd out in a glittering dress ; Yet 'neath all the spangles and tinsel so gay, There beat a true heart, I confess. 1—See how the shining needle nimbly flies, Guided by hands of more than common skill, Stitching the rents which all too quick arise, And, e'en when deftly mended, peep out still. 2—A balmy fragrance fills the air— An odour as of flow'rs ; Ah, see ! 'tis from that nosegay fair ; 'Twill scent the room for hours. 3—He comes of gentle birth*; but take a letter, And then our purpose he'll subserve the better. 4—Faith, 'tis a great and noble thing, Which comfort to our hearts doth bring ; E'en Scripture with its praise doth riner. 5—The name of an opera please to transpose, And this without doubt you may quickly disclose. 6—Some one is a lovely creature, Noble both in birth and fame ; Some one's sweet in every feature : This, you know, is some one's name. 7—A very small mouse' saw a" very large trap, And in it a fine lump of cheese ; » So, "I'll enter," said he ; but the spring came down, clap, And caught nim as safe as you please. 8—In Latin it means " I advise," So üst to thô words of the wise, Nor the counsels of sages despise. 9—Lastly, call this word to mind : It means " a throwing out," you'll find. • .... .r ........ . W. H. Wool. 110.-ANAGRAMS ON THE NAMES OF CELE- BRATED LI VING STATESMEN.* 1—Sin ! aim well at gold. 2—High Briton. h ■:■■ > » . 3—U. R: real sells ! . ι  î ι ' ч ι ' Engaged in a frigate to work for a time ; - Their task was a light one, which both little heeded, Just lending a hand where it chanced to be needed ; But 'twas very well seen by the blunders they made That they both were " tremendously green " at the : trade. Though their frames were like giants, their motions were slow, And unused to my whole, as the sequel will show. For one thing that both of them greatly desired .. Was to find out the way that a cannon was fired. For days and'for nights ©'erthe matter they brooded ; They schemed and they plann'd, till at length they concluded Next morning to rise at an hour rather early, Hoping this way to try their experiment fairly. They met, but alas ! to their chagrin they found . 'Twould be a hard matter to keep in the sound. Pat went off in search, and a cure he soon got, Bringing back in his second the captain's big pot, Exclaiming in glee, " Arrah, Mick, I'll be bound This is the real ticket to keep in the sound !" So he clapp'd the big pot to the cannon's round mouth, Holding on like grim Death, with his feet pointed south. Mick then got from my primal a piece of live coal, And proceeded to place it upon the touch-hole. The gun gave a bound with a mighty display, And Paddy went bounding the opposite way. Mick stood quite dumfoundered, and uttered a groan When he found that both big pot and Paddy were gone ! The crew thus awakened sprung quickly from bed, And they cursed and they swore at poor Mick, who just said, " Auch ! be aisy, my beauties, don't make such alarms, 'Tis just Pat gone ashore with the pot in his arms ! William Aitken. The answers to the Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 20. %* For answers to Puzzler in No. 12, see preceding page.