THE PUZZLER. 450.-ENIGMAS. »
1·—'Tis as full of contrarieties as a kitten is of mirth ; 'Tis in the air and ocean, and over all the earth ; 'Tis large to clasp around the largest ship that sails, And yet 'tis in both man and horse» in fishes and in whales. I've said 'tis large—yes, that it is, for millions in it play : Ships and sloops, and sharks and seals, and all their finny prey ; And yet 'tis oft so very small, the microscope alone Can only count it as it dwells unnumbered and unknown. Millions of billions everywhere, on leaf, on bush, on tree, On tiniest rose that scents the air when summer winds blow free. 'Tis with the bride on marriage-day, as with the infant child, And with the courtly, haughty lord, as with the hermit mild ; 'Tis with the king that wears the crown, as with the beggar lad ; 'Tis with each hero of renown, as with the lone and sad ; 'Tis with each charger, for, and hound, with sinner and with saint, With Venus in her beauty, and with Rachel in her paint; 'Tis with the Gatling in its might, and with the pistol small ; And with the wild volcano, casting terror over all. There never yet was living thing—a man, a beast, a plant— That e'er did live without it—besides, I know they can't. It is with you, dear reader, and with the writer, too; Now isn't it a curious thing ? I think so, do you? T. OTlanaoan. 2. — To some I am the cause of mirth, Of grief to many more ; Men beat me so that I become Sometimes a perfect bore. 'Tis true I am both sharp and flat, And clownish, too, but yet You'll find, my friends, that I contain A store of wondrous wit. I'm bruised and beaten, cut and pressed, Yet very often read ; I send men reeling through the streets With giddy, aching head. I'm hot and cold, and often sold, And when you do me buy, Don't be displeased if I am wet— You'll never find me dry. T. Hall. 451.—CHARADE. Nioht had come down, and spread its gloom Across the sky and everywhere, And all was silent as the tomb (Receptacle of human care), Save when the owl, herald of night, Flew from his smidy hiding-place, And through the wood pursued his flight, Starting, with shrieks, the feather'd race. At that sweet hour of mystic calm, When thought roves free and unconflned, I sat beneath a spreading palm, With thoughtful, melancholy mind. I saw a gleam of dazzling light Shoot upward to the starry sky ; I heard a voice, faint with affright. In accents wild, with terror cry : " First !—first ί my wife and children save— Oh, save them from the dreadful doom 1 They must not—shall not find a grave While I have life, in their own room 1" I hastened to the flaming scene, And there at work saw seconds four ; But though those seconds wholes had been, His wife and children were no more. Aurora. 452.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. 1. A famous fleet ; 2. To monarchs true ; 3. 'Tis some plant's root ; 4. Like this most do. 5. This is behind ; 6. A fish, I ween ; 7. Means to contend ; 8. To do we mean. 9. A bird, I know ¡ 10. This is a drink ; 11. Makes a boat go; 12. A dye, I think. In finals see An Englishman Of high degree ; In firsts his son. Jas. Whittaker. The answers to Fuzzier in this number will appear in No. 101. *** For answers to Fuzzier in No. 89, please see preceding page.