THE PUZZLER. 538.-CHAEADE.
r n t y s m a Come, all ye jolly tars, who across the line have been, And list a little while we try just to rehearse the scene. 'Twas the good ship " Nancy Brown," as gallant, stout, and true As any Indiaman that has yet set forth upon the blue. Her captain in the service of the Company was re- nown'd, And her crew, a jollier lot in this land could not be found. From " Ameriky " she sailed, in the pleasant month of June, And crossed the line, in weather flue, not a whit too soon ; For whole appeared in all his glory upon the snow- white deck ; Everything was taut and trim, and naught the fun to check. To receive his august majesty and his minions in his train, The boatswain total greeted, the others joined ia the refrain ; The scene that followed as he scrambled o'er the good ship's side, My first, reversed, I think would fail completely to describe. Oh 1 pity those, kind reader, who across the line had never been : That was the time or never for whole to vent his spleen Upou those simple novices who on some fun had reckoned ; But grim reality to their woe soon made them change their second. The ceremony ended, 'mid the laughter of the crew, Total wafting then his blessing, bade them all adieu. W. B. Mason. 1.— 2.— 539.-ENIGMAS. I'm on the hill and in the vale And in the river Clyde— In fact, you caunot name a place Where I do not reside. You'll find me on your garden walk, And on your grass-plot, tooj Aud when you take your evening walk I'm always in your view. When you were scared upon the road, That dark and wintry night, And stood stock-still, with hair erect, 'Twas I that caused your fright. In every noise that e'er you heard, However far or near, Or iu the organ's deep-toned voice, I surely struck your ear. When you were drunk and quarrelsome, And broke Old England's laws, And old Judge Knight put you in quod, Of it I was the cause. Touch what you will by night or day, You feel me very plain ; And I'm the cause oï all your grief As well as all your pain. You always have me on your mind, Wherever you may be, And Sphinxites all who con R. S. Are thinking now of me. Joet Beown. On ! may it smile on this our land, The product of a bounteous hand Enriched with goodly store. Prosperity our homes will bless, Con Lentment, peace, and happiness Shall reign for evermore. Gaunt famine, want, and pestilence, With all dispatch pray get you hence Into oblivious shade ; While I, with each succeeding year, Bring forth abundance of good cheer Iu richest bloom array'd. Wm. Mountford. 540.—AEITHMETICAL PUZZLE. Sirs, six and six a dozen is, And sometimes sixty-six ; ¡Plain as a pikestaff 'tis, I wis, And not at all prolix. 500 to these numbers add, What lightning is, you'll view ; In dreams the fancy's often sad, And this my readers, too. It's oft impress'd for many years Upon the memory ; As whole as when it first appears .Remains the fantasy. Now dock the final, and reverse, Add up the residue, Two-thirds of what begins my verse Will then appear to you. E. Hills. Thc answers to Puzzler iu this number will appear in No. 123. *+* For answers to Puzzler in Np. 116, please see preceding page.