THE PUZZLER. PRIZES.
d . d e , e e l.—A SILVER-PLATED TANKARD, inscribed with the name of the winner, for the Best Original Enigma in Verse. 2—A HANDSOME STEREOSCOPE AND SLIDES for the Best Original Double Acrostic in Verse. 3—A SPLENDIDLY-BOUND PHOTOGRAPHIC PORTRAIT ALBUM, with the name of the win¬ ner in the autograph of the Editor, for the Best Set of Three Arithmetical Problems, to be solved without algebra—not mere sums. Competition papers must reach us on or before Monday, Nov. 8. 19.—DOUBLE ACROSTIC. My first's tall pinnacles their shadows throw Across a land with golden plenty blessed. My second's seaward waters sweep below, And well my flrst is mirrored in its breast. 1—When mortals weep, this mournful word they sigh. 2—A maiden's name (no name more sweet !) am I. 3—When labourers tire, my warm embrace they seek. 4—I gleam with broidered flowers and forms antique. 5—I grieve the lover's heart and cloud his brow. G—A freeman I—you'll find me at the plow. 20.—ARITHMETICAL QUESTIONS. 1. Suppose a body to have fallen through fifty feet, when a second body begins to fall just one hundred feet below it. How far will the latter body fall before it is overtaken by the former ? 2. A man had a lease for ninety-nine years. Being asked how much of it had already expired, he answered that two-thirds of the time past was equal to four-flfths of the time to come. Required the time past and the time to come. Lex. 3. Requibed to construct a surface equally as long and wide as the one given, but of only half the area. D. J. T. 21.—CHARADE. First I am known to often cause grimaces, If I but touch the lips of pretty faces ; And yet by all avoided I can't be, For sweetest things will sometimes turn to me. " That gallant ship will be my second," A captain cried ; and true he reckoned,— " The night is dark—up, sailors—waken I" Now by my whole that ship is taken. 22.—HIDDEN POETS. 1.—Is it thus, Harry, о ungrateful boy ! that you would leave me, helpless and alone ? 2.—Our captain, the moment he was within range of the pirate ship, opened fire upon her, and at the very first shot damaged her upper works consider¬ ably. 3.—I met Charles carrying a young girl in his arms. " Who is she ?" I asked, pityingly.—" A poor waif," he answered. 4.—Hearing an alarm of fire, I hastened to the win¬ dow, and beheld our gardener's cottage enveloped in flames. 5.—By the caitiff's shifting glance I could tell that his mind was ill at ease, and the moment the truth was out he yelled for mercy j but he yelled in vain. 23.—TRANSPOSITION. Sbow» era yaso, keil eth diwn ; Luffhait fidsern rae darh ot nifd ; Veyer nam illw eb hyt rinfed ; Wishtl ohtu sath hiwthrewe ot snepd j Tub fi trose f o scworn eb næst, On amn llwi pyplus hyt anwt. GrYPEILLON. 24.—CONUNDRUM. The title of what tale denotes the researches after something lost ? W. H. Wool. ANSWERS TO PUZZLER. (No. 3, page 52.) 11.—Arithmetical Question.—No correct solution has been forwarded. Try again. 12. —Chaeade .—Brigadier. 13.—Transposition.— Home is the word most holy That falls upon our ear, Be it a cabin lowly Or marble palace dear. 14. — Arithmetical Puzzle. — Twice ten equals twenty—six letters ; and so on of the rest. 15.—Numbered Charade.—Get wisdom, and with all thy getting, get understanding. 16,—Cross-word Enigma.—Cape Clear. 17.—Hidden Places.—Paris, York, Venice, China, Rome. 18.—Logogriph.—MADAM—M a thousand, ADA a river.