THE PUZZLER.
873.—TEIPLE ACEOSTIC. Jack Frost is now here, and what shall we do r If centres we have not, I'm sure we shall rue ; And how can we make the centres without The primais and finals ?—that leaves us in doubt. (1) In France it is stopp'd on many a line Since the Prussians have crossed the beautiful Rhine. (2) If due are your bills, and the grocery's closed, To your grocer give this. But stop 1 'tis trans¬ posed. (3) Near Petersburg this is flowing along : Its name you can mention, nor fear to be wrong. (4) Isaiah did this, and Joel did, too ; And some do it now, tho' they fail to be true. Joet Brown. ' 874.—CHARADES. 1.—Huzzah! huzzah! a merry drive, with laughter, mirth, and noise, A troop of gay and happy girls, with their attend¬ ant—boys. Well wrapped in furs, sweet Floy and Kate, and dashing Bella Hurst, They shouted with a greater glee at great down¬ fall of first— They laughed to see its wayward whirls encircling them around, And watched with glee its swift descent upon the frosty ground. Across the common, down the lanes, and past the frozen ponds They drove, with dash and clatter, up in front of Farmer Bond's ; The jovial farmer, with hie wife, to meet them in the hall— A welcome kind, extended hands, and smiles for each and all. Huzzah! huzzah! the Christmas games, the peals of laughter gay ; The pendent boughs of mistletoe, the laurels, and ше bay ; The holly-berries gleaming red, the blazing log¬ wood fire ; í The busy, moving, restless feet that sever seem'd to tire ; And then the dances that they danced, how full of merry glee ! !Dear ola "Sir Roger" is а gem, old-fashioned tho' he be. And oh! the lively jigs and reels, and contra¬ dances gay ! Beeides the merry sing-song game, " We gather ; nuts in May," The "Money Musk," the "Spanish Valse," and " Triumph " have a charm When danced to quaint and rustic tunes within a farmhouse barn. Snapdragons, Forfeits, Blindman's-buff, а game of Hunt the Shoe ; And, better still, the sport and fun of Hunt the Whistle, too. Proverbs, Charades, the Family Coach, and many а merry song— ' The happy hours of that glad eve, how swift they ! passed along ! And when at last the girls were dressed in first- boots, furs, and gloves, ! And crossing through the farmyard, each with their respective loves— The hard, crisp ground beneath their feet, dressed in its robe of white, 'The moonbeams glancing coldly down, then cli- max'd their delight ! They gathered first—too quick, perhaps, the eeconds always burst : A royal game of wholes they had, with seconds ' made of first. Miss M. Mellett. 2.— Eipplinq, rippling pleasantly, Flows my primal to the sea, ' Murmuring as it passes onwards, Singing pleasant songs to me. Sometimes quiet, sometimes stormy, Fitting emblem of our life; jOn it wondere hove been acted— Scenes of peace and scenes of strife. On ite banks there stands a city, Far-famed home of classic lore, Centre of the world she once was, Now her glory is no more. Show third where her ancient grandeur, And her nobles now are seen ; Once so second, now so fallen, ', She of cities was the queen. In this city ruled my total - Many, many years ago; Great iu battle, great in ruling, ! | Fearing neither friend nor foe. But his body is now laid in 1 His lost narrow resting-place, Mourned by all who knew and loved him Noble scion of his race. A. Skinslet. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 76. *** For answers to Puzzler in No. 64, please see preceding page.