THE PUZZLER. 415.-CHARADES.
1.—When our all-wise Creator made the earth, And eveiy living creature that has birth, With them my primal into being came, And now I'm held in universal fame. I'm seen in every land and every clime, And always will be to the end of time ; In every spot on earth man shows his face, My presence there most surely you can trace. I'm rich, I'm poor, I sometimes wear a crown, Tet often am by poverty cast down. Gaul, Saxon, Russian, Turk, and rich Parsee, They all alike claim their descent from me. But though found everywhere, from pole to zone, Still I am not confined to man alone : I'm seen with birds, beast, fish, and insects, too, And very likely, reader, I am you. And this concludes the first part of my task, And now I'll say a few words of my last, And hope of candour I'll not be accused For telling you in algebra 'tis used. Search your arithmetic : without a doubt Tou very quickly then will find me out. Come, Gŕ. J. riddlers, stir yourselves to action— 'Tis not a decimal or vulgar fraction ; And when you've found it, come along with me To yonder gloomy prison, and you'll see A sight I'm sure would move the hardest heart : 'Tis an execution, reader ; do not start. Now let us go inside that dismal room, And see the culprit pinioned for his doom. Just watch his features as his hands they bind ; Oh! who can tell what's passing through his mind? His misspent life, his wicked, evil ways, The recollections, perhaps, of childhood's days. Careering wildly through his giddy brain, And make him tremble with the torturing pain. Now the dread task of fettering is done ; The procession's formed, and. slowly on they come— Just watch bis pallid lips and vacant stare, As to the chaplain he responds in prayer- Led tottering onwards, tul at length they stop, He ascends the steps, and stands upon the drop. The hangman draws the fatal bolt, and he, My whole, is launched into eternity. T. HALL·. Έ,—When morning, o'er mountain and meadow, Dischargeth his arrows of gold, And drearily night's each dim shadow - Away to the westward hath rolled, In the gray light of heaven upsoaring, ' Doth warble, and warbling doth rise, The first, and its mimic outpouring Doth fill ev'ry part of the skies. The second is often used, urging The steed to the desperate leap, Or where, 'mid the battle's fierce surging, The cavalry ranks madly sweep ; And oft, in the times past and olden, It shadowed forth fame 'mid the fight, When donning it, brilliant and golden, What joy felt the newly-dubbed knigbt ! The whole may be found in the wild wood When summer hath jewelled the earth ; Bright prize of our sweet, happy childhood, With thee what fond mem'ries hath birth ! J. W. Musgrave. 416.—DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Fainter yet fainter comes the cannon's boom, Slowly dying away in the evening's gloom, Till all is hushed. And now the peaceful stars Shine sweetly forth, the while warring blood-red Mars Tardily pales. Heav'n grant that when it is past and o'er, War's lurid clouds are seen no more I 1. With this you measure the stars and sun ; 2. Upon this exchange large sums were won. 3. Disease of the throat : treat it with care ; 4. He sillily talks, with a vacant stare. 5. Meat, fish, and oil—a mixture, I know ; 6. It flies in marshes through the blinding snow. 7. Thrashed by the Romans, these came no more ; 8. A torrent of water : loud is its roar ; , 9. In this composition full praise you pour. John S. Feast. 417.—ENIGMA. ; I come in the ocean's angry roar As it breaks in foam on the pebbly shore ; In the soft sweet sigh of the summer's breeze ; In the wild bird's song ; 'mong the forest trees. O'er the distant hills with echo I roam, And 'mid battle's din I am still at home; In the fallen soldier's dying cry, And the glad Te Deum for victory. I am found in the solemn passing-bell, In the tick of the clock, in the anthem's swell; In the roll of the drum, in the horses' feet As the cavalry corps march down the street. In the tempest's shriek, in the thunder's peal ; In the trumpet's blast, in the clash of steel ; In the startled owl's discordant scream ; In the hum of the bee, in the rippling stream ; In the hunter's horn, in the plashing rain ; In the joyous laugh, in the moan of pain ; In the shouts of boys at some favourite game- But enough, for ere this you'll have guessed my name. Miss R. Scott. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 89. *** For answers to Puzzler in No, 77, please see preceding page, .— — -- —rjr ·