THE FIRST PRIZE, CHARADE.
Myfirst's a negation decisive and short-- A word very small, but of mighty import; The hardest, the easiest word to proclaim. Thecleverest scholar inEngland could name. My second, well, every person has it, Though sometimes they find it a hard thing to fit. I'm a great multitude, yet only one, Of law and divinity I am the su' . I'm fluid, I'm solid, I'm base, aid I'm good, I'm hard, and I'm soft, I'm metal, I'm wood; I belong to the stars, and am afways sky- high; Though tied to the earth, yet with birds I can fly. I swim with each fish, with the animals play, But to goblins and ghosts I have nothing to say. For rappers of spirits, a rap I don't care; I look with contempt on such creatures of-air. And yet my whole is the wickedest sprite
That ever played tricks in the day-time.or night For if all that's said of the genii be truie, There's nothing sb'bad that the iascal won't do. Talk of kittens and cats, of monkeys and dawvs, Of magpies, and other outrageous outlaws, As makers of mischief or doers of wrong, They're "muffs" when compared with the theme of my song: But if any longer I let my tongue wag, The cat will be out of my riddling bag. G. M. MTURPHY. Answer-NonODY. SECOND PRIZE CHARADE. Who does not love my first From the wintry winds secure, And the flowers are blooming sweetly Around us everywhere ? And the little: birds wvith their matis. sweet, As constantly our ears they greet, Speak love to every one. But a blessing is my secohd, ' When my first has bid adieu, Aiid we nestle rouniid our own fireside, - Parents and children true. But what islthit 'Ihear, ' When ,in nmy. garden walking, Hid from'my first's oppressive heat, It is tlie.soumid of.talking. The sound comes from my: iohoze, And soon my eyes do meet Two faithful friends, who chatting are Within its glad retreat. M. A. ALDERTON. Answer-SumsaEnRous E. *** We have prepared another set of Illustrated Handbills, which will convey some idea of our intentions for the coming year. We are sure that our readers might get a great number of their friends to take in KND WonDS by distributing these; and if they will kindly undertake to do so, and will send us their names and addresses, we will forward them packets. Some readers, we know, have each obtained from twelve to forty, and even sixty, new subscribers.