The Riddler*^
^ — ШШШ CHARADES. ^Ж~<^7 I never shall forget the time^^3£Iİ^ That I did courting go ; Tbe one on whom I was so first, Resided close to Bow. One evening I made up my mind To visit her and see, If she'd accept my humble self, And my dear bride would be. I started forth, and in due time I came to her abode, I rang the bell, and presently A servant came and bowed Me into the reception room, And said, with many a smirk, Would I please wait a little while, As Miss С— was at work. I waited half an hour, and then A foot-step I did hear ; " Ob, how my last did quickly beat 'Tween love, and hope, and fear ! " Some person came into the room ; I could not see their face, But I felt it was my whole that I elapsed in my embrace. " Oh Clara, dear, dear Clara ! " I cried out rapturously ; "I've cometo ask you, darling, If you my wife will be ?" I listened for her answer, To hear her call my name ; But how I was dumb-founded, when These words to my ear came.
" Whisht, thin, Mr. Hinry, acushla ; Oi'm not Miss Clara, a*thore, But, faith, o i'll be yurr swate-heart, Bedad, oi will for f-hure." I listened with amazement, And ptood astounded quite, For, lo, 'twas Moll, the kitchen-maid, Who'd come the gas to light. I blessed her, I can tell you, Miss C—, and all the lot ; My hat I grasped, and bolted, As if I had been shot. I reached my home in safety, With brain all in a whirl, And ne,er again did I venture To court a servant-girl. Georgr Howard (Nemo). 2. Dear Ed., I take the liberty of writing you once more, But for my wretched whole I should have wrote to you before ; I had no first and had to stay until a next came round, And when I'd bought some, 'pon my word, no paper could be found. Was ever man so sorely fixed as I have been of late ; It is enough to drive me wild, or else to emigrate. What next would take me, did I want to cross the waters deep, And leave my friends and comrades here on England's shore to weep? But, there, I will not go,dear Ed., and leave you here unless------ You still refuse to print my cons,, which causes me distress. I trust that this will find a place, my humble cause I plead ; I'll now conclude, and etili remain yours truly, Herbert Read. 3. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (Change the firsfc letter of a word, to form another word). "Oh, dear, what shall I do ? My nose is turning blue ; " Old Michael Brown, the other morn did yell i " It is not caused by drink, And, really, I can't think What causes it this awful size to swell," " My anxiety to end, I'll call upon a friend And ask him for a little good advice." He went, explained his case, His friend, with solemn face Told him he'd better " screw it in a vice." Disgusted, Mike withdrew, Another friend went to, Who, by Brown's confidence felt highly tickled. Then said : " If I'd a « beak ' Like yours, I'd buy next week A cask of vinegar, and have it pickled." Mike's anger now rose high, He deigned not to reply, But at his friend he made a sudden dash; And he howled with wild despair, As he stumbled o'er a chair, And knocked his poor old nose all into " smash," --------- Nemo. 4. MATHEMATICAL PUZZLE. Eighteen pounds eight shillingsand threepence I had, Bufc I want you, dear riddlers, to say What number of coins of each sort I must take To pay out in the following way. Three times the amount of half-crowns I firet take, In he lf-sovereigns(don't quote the wrongthing), Thus to every half-crown three half-sovereigns you'll have, The right number of each you muet bring. Half the number of shillings in half-crowns you must have, And now comes the sixpences next. Three times the amount of the shillings write down ; I trust that you won't gefc perplexed. The number of half-sovereigns and shillings combined, You'll find that the answer will be ; The number of fourpenny pieces you want, I'm right, as you shortly will see. o¿l»
The half-crowns and sixpences added will ba The number which you will require Of threepenny pieces, with me you'll agree, Though I trust that your patience won't tire. Τ " he number of coins that are used, all combined Two hundred and sixteen will be, Of each the right number you'll find when they're add You'll have eighteen pounds eight and three. Herbert Read. 6. CONUNDRUMS, Ye bards, who strive with pen and pike To quell the imps of Prasey's dike, Pray just a little higher strike To gain more scope, And tell me why a lady's like An envelope? Or if a mouse, with motions slow. Before your range of eight should go, At, say a hundred yards or so ; And then careered Before your lordship, would you know What it appeared ? What ia there in this clinking rhyme That's free from poetaster'e slime, That yet may greet the coming time Wifch lofty grace ? And in our lyrics hale and prime Obtain a place ? Dennis Connor and J. K. 6. DECAPITATION AND CURTAILMENT. (Drop the first and last letters of a word, leaving another word.) Mv whole a punishment will name, That causes most exquisite pain To schoolboys who unruly be, And are oft laid across the knee Of Master Pedagogue, who well Knows how to make the poor boy yell. My next is a moat savoury meat, That's sometimes cried about the street ; Some people like it very much, Others it will not deign to touch. My third does mean to cut, or sMf Or tear, or anything to split. My last, behold, is in its place, Fur, io, I ¡stare you in the face. Nemo. 7. DECAPITATIONS. One day, while walking on the quay. My whole I saw upon the eea. I did behead—and lo ! quite clear A grain appeared, which grows near here. I beheaded again, and what came then ! A preposition, which well you ken. A. С Esau. 8. If you want me when complete, Seek and find me at your feet; If beheaded, then I fall, Like a hoop or like a ball ; Change my head, and then a weight, You will find my letters staf,e. W. S. Miller. Answers to Last Week's Kiddles. t. Eternity, thus: Event, Turn, England, Realm, Never, Its, Tale, Years. 2. Gun, thus : Gold, Uncivil, Noon. i>. Dacre, Clarke. 4. Paper, Ape. 5. Pear, Ear, Are. 6. Slate, Late, 7. A Tree. 8. News, Nooze. 9. Found, Fond. 10. Toe, To. 11. Budget, Budge. 12. Don-key. 13. The letter E.