THE CHILDREN'S PAGE.
I. SCRIPTURE QUESTIONS. PRIZE AWARD. The best answers to the Scripture questions set in our January humber were those of FLORENCE RUDD, 4, Southfield Terrace, Armley, Leeds, to whom a prize of Ios. 6d. is awarded, and GEORGE CROSSLAND, I, Elsinore Road, Forest Hill, S.E., who receives a prize of 5s. PRIZE OFFER. We offer a prize of Ios. 6d. and another of 5s. for the best answers to the Ifollowing Scripture questions : - I. Quote three references from Scripture to the singing of birds, and one passage in which it is said that the stars sang. 2. What were the chief religious events of the Jewish year ? 3. Quote three passages which prove that Hebrew brides wore rich ornaments. 4. Explain the meaning of this verse: "Occupy till I come." II. PUZZLES. PRIZE AWARD. The best solutions of the Puzzles given in our January number were those of HARVEY PRENTER, 5, Blessington Street, Dublin, to whom a prize of Ios. 6d. is awarded, and KATIE E. BARLOW, Carlton Bank, Gt. Norbury Street, Hyde, who receives a prize of 5s. PRIZE OFFER. We offer a piize of ios. 6d. and another of 5s. for the best solutions of the following puzzles :- CHRONOGRAM. A poet who in blindness wrote His work of greatest fame ; Another who in Charles's reign Did make himself a name ; And one who is the "father" called Of English poetry; A Spanish poet, who did write Almost from infancy; The scolding wife of Socrates, Her name you surely know ; The prince of Latin poets last We call on you to show. Initials of these names, you'll find, In order written down, Will give the date in which the plague Did rage in London town.
CHARADES. My first would keep you always in commotion, My second's a fish caught sometimes in the ocean, My whole's a Scottish town of some prbmotion. I am a merry creature In pleasant time of year, As in but certain seasons I sing that you can hear; And yet I'm made a bye-word, A very perfect mock,. Compared to foolish persons And silliest of all folk. CONUNDRUMS. What burns to keep a secret ? Why is the letter G like the sun ? Which are the laziest fish in the sea? There's a word of two syllables whose meaning implies What all should abstain from who're prudent and wise; The contrast is great, for reversed it will show What all men on earth are anxious to do. PUZZLES. My first's an article of wear, My next's a hue my first doth bear, My whole again in moments few Will make my first my last for you. Cut off my head, then what remains Is where you may catch me; Behead once more, and for your pains What's left shows I've caught thee. My first is thought a healthy sign, My second is a friend, And yet my whole's a foe of time, Whose wound no man can mend. SOLUTIONS OF PUZZLES SET IN FEBRUARY. Charades.-(I) Cod. (2) Pincushion. (3) Spark. Double Acrostics.--(I) Lake, Orlov, Nita, Gun, Fig, Ermine, Lull, Lipari, Oberon, Wine-LONG- FELLOW, EVANGELINE. (2) Righi, Arbour, Lance, Easel, Infanta, Gordon, Hound--RALEIGH, IRELAND. Riddle.--Drum. Conundrums.--(I) A pig, because it is killed first and cured afterwards. (2) Because they are apt to split. (3) Because the inhabitants prefer cows (Cowes) to ride (Ryde). (4) When it is full of cartridges. (5) He would tie a knot in his tail, and then he would have a pigsty (pig's-tie). RULES. (I) Answers to the Scripture questions and ohlutions of the puzzles set this month must be sent in by March loth, addressed to The Prize Editor, WOMAN AT HOME Office, 27, Paternoster Row, E.C. (2) Envelopes should be marked on the outside, " Children's Page." (3) The address and age, as well as the name, of the sender must be given. All children under fifteen are eligible for the competitions.