THE PUZZLER.
e , r d r r e e 545.—ENIGMA. I'm made of copper, brass, and gold, and oft am greatly sought ; Sometimes for thousands I am sold, sometimes I go for naught. I'm long, I'm short, I'm square and round ; in short, description fails ; In every mansion I am found, in every ship that aails. make a table or a chair, whichever you require : guard the jewels of the fair, and often make a fire. At Chriatmaa time a welcome sight I am to every boy ; But when he gets me in a fight, 'tis not with so much joy. travel over land and sea, by steamer arid by rail ; The compass pointed is by me ; I'm often wrapped in sail. You'll find I in your garden grow, and always I am there ; Yet ever to the play I go, where people at me stare. But now you've found me out, I'm sure, or else you me deserve, Which your stupidity will cure, and give you strength of nerve ; Or if your brain be so obtuse you cannot find my name, At solving puzzles you're no use, so bid adieu to fame. John Scott. 546.-CHARADE. There was a great commotion In the little town of Glynn, When Dan Gready took the notion, And got spliced to Betty Flynn. For Daniel was a traveller great, Who went from " pofl to poll," A well-known barber, fond of prate, So comical and droll. « And Betty was an ancient maid, Who some small change had saved By her industry at the huxtering trade, While Daniel clipped and shaved. Now Daniel, although rather young, Was delighted to get Miss Flynn, For he was quite impecunious, And she'd got lots of tin. While Misa Betty, on the other hand, Being rather out of date, Was anxious to enter the happy land Called the " matrimonial state." So Miss Betty soon became a bride, And after the honeymoon, With her dear Dan, went to reside At his far-famed " Hair-cutting Saloon," Tho' ehe still continued the huxtering trade, And her daily profits reckoned On everything, from buttons and braid, To new-laid eggs and my second. But the ill-matched pair could not agree (Now, what else could you expect ?) She called him a tirst, and used my last With a wonderful striking effect. And, alas ! I am also bound to state, Tbat in their domestic strife, Poor Daniel would often retaliate, And with the whole threaten her life. " They made friends once, but not long after (As they could not agree, of course), 'Mid the Court's loud chaff and laughter, Poor Daniel obtained а divorce. E. W. Clarke. 517—SQUARE ACEOSTIC. Her name she did immortalise - By painting portraits well j And he professed theology, And iu it did excel. · ,« - 1. A Spanish lady of renown ' For first you must select j ! 2. To stupefy or torpid make For this you must detect. 3. A thorn which does in Egypt grow For this you must descry ; 4. And if you should attend tho church, Pray keep on him your eye. 5. This language I know naught about, And never shall, I s'pose ; 6. lie was a Spanish Jesuit, And to renown he rose. Joey Brown. 518.—ANAGRAMS ON NAMES OF COUNTIES AND TOWNS IN ENGLAND. 1?—More law tends. 2.—Castle ran. ¡ 3.—Eum candle, B. ! 4.—U. H*, robs cargo. 5.—Let E. or M. hand bun. 6.—Mar youth. 7.—Pent row. 8.—Determin'd Sir K. 9.—Hear Ben Eid. Quilpen. The answers to Puzzler in this Number will appear in No. 131. *** For answers to Puzzler in No. 119, please see preceding page.