THE PUZZLER.
633.—CHARADES. 1.—Ат midnight Lord Maxwell rode forth from his keep, With retainers α trusty array ; While all honest folk wero in bed and asleep, He was out with his men and away— Away over moss, over heather and scaur, To harry the lands of his enemy, Carr. Oh 1 gaily the moss-troopers gathered the kine, And drove them before them in glee j And they chuckled when thinking of how they would dine ; As the cattle ran over the lea ; While up in the depths of the sky the pale stars Beemed watching the injury done to the Carre. But the Carre were aroused by the noise and the rout ; So, with impatience aglow, They gathered together, and quickly set out In pursuit of the venturous foe, And, urging their steeds to a terrible pace, They came up with the Maxwells a mile from the place. The plumes of the leaders were shaken and tossed As both to the conflict advanced ; My primals flashed out, and my seconds were orossed, While their horses uneasily pranced. Oh ! many a borderer fell on that night, As my totals were gleaming beneath the star¬ light. Lord Maxwell was vanquished, his vassals took flight, > And the Carre got their cattle once more, For right on the borders consisted in might When our ancestors battled of yore ; Yet, however prosaic the times when we live, We prefer them, for law can security give. John Scott. '. —BEAUTIFUL·, brilliant, bewildering girls í Bepainted, bepowdered, with chignons and curls, With marvels of Honiton, tulle, blond, and lace, Lovely hillocks of feathers and flowers o'er the face. What taste, skill, and talent and first we em¬ ploy In selecting a dress or a jewel-bedecked toy ! Do you think, as you bend o'er some dainty kid glove, What " works of high art" are the damsels you love ? Do you dream that the hearts may be false like the curls— That their wholes may be perfect, and yet not the girls ? Lovely wholes ! exquisite and beautiful, charm¬ ing—superb ! Grown perhaps on an animal, beast, or a bird ; Oft spun by a poor little grovelling worm— Is it such things as these can make human hearts burn ? Can the produce of shells, be they ever so bright, Cause hatred and jealousy, envy and spite P Abis! it is wholes, silks, cashmeres, and pearls That capture our lovers instead of us girls. 'Tis the fairest—no odds of the falsest—who win. To look plain in the face or the whole is a sin. Dolly Varden costumes, puffs, paniers, and lace, A coquettish smile, or a gesture of grace, A bright, gleaming ring on a little white hand, Outweigh all the "unbedecked" girls in the land. , What matter if lockets and brooches of gold Flash warm over hearts that are senseless and cold? Tou caress the fair, silky, and glossy false curls, And turn from the real of the plainly-dressed girls. If our wholes are becoming, how proudly you own Us as kin or as friend, and how tender your tone ! You wonder we second our wholes so absorb. Oh ! censure us not—'tis yourselves who reward. I have seen it—I know ifc — how bitter the slights That are passed on the girls who are voted " such frights," Whose intellect, merit, and goodness should hurl To oblivion all thoughts of the whole of a girl ! M. Mellett. 634.—METAGRAM. Find out the total if you can : In size it's very small, Yet by its use a wealthy man May quickly lose his all ; First letter changed, to you will show A lake across the sea ; The second letter change, and, lo t A river fish 'twill be ; Third letter change, and you'll behold What we each day must do ; The final change, it will unfold A name that's known to you. T. LlDGEBTON. 'φ* For answers to Puzzler in No. 142, please see preceding page.