THE RIDDLER. 1
1. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. When po< ts fall ia love they write A score of soanets every night— At least, that's what I'm told. Hour after hour they slave aad toll, Aad with poetic fervour boil. And waste the precious midnight oil (And catch a beastly cold). They praise Seliaa to the skies, Apostrophise her nose and eyes— At least, that's what I'm told. They make her out aa aagel quite, Her soul a pure aad spotless white (They never tell ns she can smite And scratch, as well as scold). The girls they kaow are all that's good, They only do Just what they should— At least, that's what I'm told. The girl I know is aot a saint, Bhe sings a comic song, can palat In maaaer that would make me faint If I were much less bold. A bustle at her back is placed, And much too tightly is she laced— At least, that's what I'm told. Her aose is saub, her hair is short, Bhe does more flirting thaa she ought, Her victims number one, nought, nought, Aad all are badly " sold." Loan Knows who. METAGRAM. (Change the first letter of a word to form aaother word.) An animal you here will fiad ; 'Tie ef a most ferocious kiad. Things that are this we seldom buy, Or, if you do, so would aot I. How this oft fills our frames with horror, Causing many aa hour of sorrow. A portion of machinery You'll surely fiad that this will be. Five sensée do we all possess ; Oae aow is here, it's name please guess. This word reverse of far doth meaa ; I'm sure you have it oftea seea. A luscious fruit you here will see ; Now please to fiad it« name for me. When little children sob and sigh Thoso always cerne iato each eye. We do this to our boots and shoes— In fact, to everything we use. The end of laet, you will remember, Must be the last day in December. Како. 8. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word to form another word expressed in the narrative.) Hail ! What ho, my merry masters 1 Dere is Brown, encased with plasters, Ev'ry riddler to greet. The allusion to the plaster— Ые has met witb а disaster That was aaything but sweet. Forth he waadered la the gloaming, Never caring whither roaming, Aaywhere or roundabout, When, to his amaze aad terror (This is naked truth—p'rhaps error), Something pulled his lengthy saout Forth thero broke upon the silence, With terrifie force aad vl'leace, Freuzied yells from healthy luags ; For before him stood a creature Quite devoid of form or feature, Like a shapeless bag of bungs. " Do you think," said he, "I'm joking? By your fiery uose that's smoViag, I at oaoe aver I'm not. Nay, I hither come to tease ye, Just to horrif v, displeüs j ye, And thy carcass put to pot. " Thy vocation, Brown, as tailor- Do not hang thy red iahaler— Finds ia thee a hkilful haad; But as kaight of aeedle-stitches Thou mak'st weak the seat4 of ' britches,' So thou'St run thy earthly sand 1" Then he caught Brown in his talons, Ope'd a mouth with depth for gallons, And Browa vanished dowa his throat. But so reál was all it« »coming He could scarce think I'd been dreaming, Me he sat, and thought, and wrote. V. D. T. (Warrington).
4. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. Who's to be king of the " R."— Or its chieftain, riddlers say T He should be a shining star Aad a scribe of oldea day. We've a council aad a clan ; Name your chieftain, aame your maa. Telem AOHUs as d Nestor. 6. NARRATIVE DEOAPI-OURTAILMENT. (Drop the firet aad last letters of a word, leaving aaother word expressed ia the narrative.) Dedicated to Percy F. Boyd. Perct F. Botd, I percy-eve you have entered Our lists buoyed with hope that great fame you'll command. Let such be your hope then, your euergies ceatred Oa such, aad you'll soou as the best of us stand. Thea hoaour our " Riddler"—its good your endeavour To bring to a standard it's ne'er reached before, And keep such a thought your sustaining guide ever Ia sending the best of all riddling lore. I am dashing these lines off ia desperate hurry, I've hardly got time to correct where I would. My braia seems to bo ia a deuce of a flurry ; I try to increttc« Madame Muse to be good. Bo, really, considering all matters relating Unto my great haste, I just hope you'll peruse These line», which I trust will aot bring you to hatiag Your very true f riead, Повеет W. Andrews. β. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. Mv aame, dear sir, is Tommy Browa— Dou't you know? I've always lived in Chester town— Doa't you kaow? You must kaow, I am oaly six years old, But people say I am very bold, Aad such like things I am oftea told— Doa't you kaow? Last aight I had a bit of f ua— Doa't y^u know ? With a fricad of mine named Thomas Luna— Doa't you kaow? We stole two tarts from out of a shop. Aad toon we heard the cry, " Stop thief ! stop 1" But we did not care a blessed jot— Don't you kaow? A policeman soon was giving chase— Don't you kaow ? But down he weat straight on his face Doa't you kaow? He trod upoa some oraage peel, Aad dowa he weat, like a sack of meal ; But, oh, how glad my heart did feel— Doa't you kaow? Now was the time to " give them the slip "— Doa't you kaow? And this we did do, rather quick— Don't you kaow? We hid behind some old hand-carts, Aad quickly ate the stolen tarts, Which made us think of the Knave of Hearts — Doa't you kaow? When we got home 'twas very late— Doa't you know? My father said, " I'll crack your pato "— Doa't you know? Aad thea he said, " Get off to bed ;" Aad to the stairs I quickly fled, When a boot came flying past my head— D>n't you kaow? Серна (Manchester). ACROSTIC. FOUNDATION WORD. 'Twas about this time last winter, Au «ae day to tbe market I weat ; The night was cold aad bitter, And my steps thro' deep snow were bent. I was passing a place called the "Hundreds," And fell over a bundle of rags ; A cry I heard—bow I shuddered ! Aad dowa weat my aew market bags : 'Twas a sweet little child that I gazed oa, Who a primal will form for my con. CROSS WORDS. Tbansatlantic state am L, As you'll speedily descry. Unimportaat object here— Superfluous, it is clear. Here I had a rapier made, And it proved a trusty blade. My banjo weuld make a sorry souad, U on it thit were not found.
He is far from being wise, Yet he's often thought a prize. Bravea the dangere of the sea- Very plucky he must be. Every railway does possen This, my final, I confess. "Dick" Randall and B. L. JxmaiOJt. DECAPITATION. It was on a winter's night, And the snow was falling white, when from out tho gloom a silent figure atole ; I first with silent fear, as the figure then drew near, But turning made its way into a hole. As I saw lt disappear, I followed it ia fear, When it halted ia the ceatre of a cave ; From a hole withia the wall he took a second amali, Aad ate lt with the gusto of a kaave. When finished then he took A very massive book, Oa third aad science, by a famous man ; And prooeeded thea to read, On the dietetio creed Of the people in the world since it began. W. Miller (Glasgow). ACROSTIC. (A word or words formed of the initial lettera of other words.) FOUNDATION WOUD. The playwright's, the poet's, the novelist's craze— The bane of all practical folk- The subject of maay nonsensical lays— The object of many a joke. Its influence we'll all feel at some future time, Aad happy—how happy we'll be I Aad dream then so oftea of wedding-bells' chima In cadence of sweet melody. OBOSS WORDS. " Dear first," he said, his arm around her waist— Her head upoa hia shoulders was reclining— " Oh, tell me, dear, and kindly pray make haste, If love for me is ia your fond heart shining ť " No second man I love, my love, but you : No other husband, dear, am I desiring.'' And Laura looked so earaostly aad true, As oa her love ehe gazed so fond, admiring. Third hope it was, however—suoh is life 1 Ohe fourth that night, and ne'er wa« sean again ; Aud he—wdl, he has got another wife. And Laura with past memories he's lain. Dkofko and R. W. Andrews. 10. ENIGMA. I AH the first in England, Our dear old native land ; Steamers and barges never could Without my aid bo manned. Whene'er a storm approaches, In the elements I'm seen ; I also dance attendance Oa our good aad gracious Queen, In templea.and ia barricades I foam uniting part ; In the midst of tbe sea I reign supreme, In wavelets nimbly dart. Our worthy friend the Editor Without me could aot thrive ; Now, riddlers, set your wits to work, To find the aaawer strive. Wm. 1. Thomson. 11. CHARADE. I've used my first tbis coa. to write, For next a aumber bring to light; My whole a mountain range will be ; Please set to work, you soon will see. Ajax (Nottingham). Answers to Last Week's Biddies. 1. Strains, Train. 2. Plain, Again. 3. Room, Poor, Boot, Soon, Good, Look. 4. Bom, Morn. 5. Offer, Off/ β. Other, The. 7. Bold, Old.