THE PUZZLER. 164.-PICTORIAL REBUS.
W'^ ш\EJD # Y
165.—DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Will aught dispel the clouds that rise, And o'er my first so darkly lower ? Will English statesmen, now in power, Succeed in their great enterprise ľ Will they each grievance so redress Ihat soon my next the land may bless ? How shall the first be second made ? This problem they're engaged to solve. A task so hard must needs involve. True statesmanship shall be displayed. Each earnest, patriotic soul Must surely wish to see my whole. 1—One of the patriarchs of old Of whom the memory cannot die, Whose younger son did basely lie To gain the blessing, we are told, 2— In the warm south my city lies, Sunned by deep blue Italian skies. 3—A pressing question of the day, Of first importance to the State, The country can't afford to wait. It will no longer brook delay. Each child in England must be taught— My blessing to each home be brought. 1—I am the joy of heaven and earth. The world were like α blasted plain, That could no form of life sustaiu But for my glorious daily birth. 5— When from the Alpine rock I fall, With swift destruction I appal. 6—1 from the cheerful world retire To spend my days in gloomy cell ; Once there, 'tis useless to rebel, Or feel for freedom one desire. 7— An English river I unfold : I was employed in war of old. J. S. 160.—CHARADES. 1.—'Twas eve, and silence reigned around, The white snow glittered on the ground, And not a cloud was seeu on high To dim the bright cerulean sky, When, like a gem, more pure than gold, My lovely first I did behold. The silvery moon, calm and serene, Shone o'er the waters bright and green j A gallant bark appears to view, Manned by a brave and hardy crew, Who, as they stem the rushing tide, Unmindful o'er my second glide. 'Tis morn, and oft the sun peeps through Yon fleeting clouds of azure hue ; The labourers to their daily toil Are trudging o'er the snow-clad soil : When looking up, I then and there Beheld my whole high poised iu air. W. R. 2.—When Betsy and I our courting began I scarcely could speak j but Betsy said, " Dan, You've nothing to say —you are a soft boy. Why don't you speak up, and courtship enjoy ?" I stamme i'd awhile; then at last outburst A beautiful word : I called her my first ; Not satisfied then, I told her quite pat The last she had won. What think you of that ? í soon became bold—on talking was bent j Escorted her home wherever she went. So loviug we got, that peotile oft said My whole Betsy was, and we should get wed. Quince. 167.-PUZZLE. On, Stanley, on, were the last words of Marmion. If I were in Stanley's place, what would Marmion say ? J. Gandy. 168— DOUBLE ACROSTIC. 1—A noted town in Scotia's land, Its name you'll doubtless soon command. 2—If honest motives prompt your heart, Then this you'll offer in good part. 3—When this you've found it will proclaim A Turkish lady's Christian name. 4—She leads the latest fashion out, And scolds the Emperor, no doubt. 5—When tired and weary with hard toil, Cur bodies need this for awhile. Initials and finals down will show Two names we saw not long ago. To find them out is worth your pain, For each α handsome prize did gain. Wm. Mountford. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 28. %* For answers to Puzzler in No. 20, see preceding page.