THE PUZZLER. 401.—PICTORIAL REBUS
402.—DOUBLE ACROSTIC. 1. I'm dull, I'm bright, I'm clear, Although I'm made of sand ; I'm found in every dwelling ' That's scattered o'er our land. 2. The more you try to pull me off, The firmer I do cling. 3. If he's alive and does return, Much news from here he'll bring. 4. In cities and in villages I'm certain to be found ; But with the poor and mendicants I mostly do abound. 5. 'Tis winter. There's plenty of ice, And oft I now go to the lake To do this o'er the clear frozen mass ; But to-morrow, oh, won't my legs ache ! 6. Though small we are useful, you'll say, For from wounds your fingers we keep. 7. Some chew it, but not so with me : The smell of it sends me to sleep. 8. But I am α wee little thing, Not useless, although I am small ; Your clothes are both fine and look smart, But for me you would have none at all. 9. 'Tis nigh to Christinas. Deck the walls With berried holly bright ; Bring ivy, yew, and mistletoe To make a gladsome sight. Among the great men of our land, Oneof those who foremost stand, Is seen in primals. A leader of a sect is he, And thus for ever may he be Chief among finals. H. L. Nicholson. 403.—ENIGMA. We're large and small, and just alike, And twins we are beside ; And though we are divided oft, We're sometimes side by side. We keep apart in April showers, And naught do we in rain ; But with the blossom in the spring We join ourselves again. .. We shun the church, but always arc Together at the mass ; And though we are well up in sense, Together play the ass. The drunken man we do not love, Nor join we in a spree ; Yet we the dissipated aid, And to excess go we. We put a stop to wickedness, And never reign in vice ; We're side by side in playing chess, But have no hand with dice. Joey Bbown. 404.—CHARADE. Unto a final in the first My second, transposed, bore A legionary warlike host To spoil that f ertile shore. Her conquering eagles proudly soared In triumph o'er the plain. On—on her steel-clad warriors rushed To ravage and to slay. Their noble sons for freedom fought : They bled and died in vain ; Alas ! their feeble strength did naught The invaders' power to stay. But where are all those triumphs now ? Where are those glories gone ? And where that haughty race of kings That filled their conquering throne ? Adversity's destroying blast Has hurled them from their power : They faded like the leaves that drop In autumn from the tree ; And freedom blest my whole's brave sons, And viewed with pride the hour When they joined in! the shout which hailed Their mother England free. Wm. Aitken (Sorn). The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 85. %* For answers tp РвдгДег in No. 73, please see preceding page. ^ . ..