THE PUZZLER.
271.-QUADRUPLE ACROSTIC. Ouce more we welcome thy bright reappearing, Fairer and brighter than ever before ; Thy form is so comely, thy face is so cheering— Welcome, old friend, to our dwellings once more. 1. This to the old ruined mansion they're doing : Down tumble battlements, turrets, and walls, Swept from their power by the stern hand of ruin j The wild beast doth lurk iu its tenantlcss halls. 2. Bright summer with all her gay flowers has de¬ parted, And winter has come with his icicled brow ; And the birds that sung lays for to cheer the lone- hearted, Are dumb—yea, they are all this inverted now. 3. This, inverted, doth tell of achievements, of glory, Of deeds which brave heroes performed long ago ; It tells us of fields all empurpled and gory, Where the life-blood of heroes in torrents did flow. 4. Tho dark gloomy shades of the twilight are falling, And night her cold mantle has cast o'er the plain ; But when Sol in the east doth resume [his proud calling, The flowerets will this in their beauty again. 5. Woe—woe to the one who invented this fasting ! This, transposed, is a season that ne'er should have been ; And I really think that if such things were lasting, We quickly would wither and pass from the scene. William Aitken (Som). ! 272.-ENIGMA. 'Mm rolling stars was my first home ; And o'er man's destiny, E'en from the cradle to the tomb, Strange influence have I : I prompt the laughing infant's coo, I teach the youth his skill, And manhood, too—though sad as true— Aud Age's needle fill. With gentle maidens' guileless play I'm gentle as a dove : But let me cross the schemer's way, See what a fiend I prove ! I baulked him iu his high-staked sport ; Then made his purse o'erflow j Barred him from Fashion's prized resort, And then I laid him low. Gathered from Pleasure's lavish store A fairy scene I spread ; And haughty Beauty bent before The passion Valour fled. Another sun, amid the strife I'd played my fated part— I'd quenched the light of Valour's life, And broken Beauty's heart. Anon arousing Rapture's thrill Now deeds of hate I do, Mysterious agent, working still Delight and Ruiu, too 1 In jewelled zone, my wonted dress, Emblem of Royalty— Signal of want and wretchedness— Now tell me what am I ? T. J. B. 273.—VERBAL PUZZLE. My first's in garb, but not in dress ; My next's in praise, but not in bliss j My third's in man, but not in miss ; My fourth's in we. My fifth's in boar, but not in hog j My sixth's in cat, but not in dog ; My next's iu calm, but not iu fog ; My eighth's iu we. My ninth's in rope, but not in twine ; My tenth's in light, but not in shine ; My next's in four, but not in nine ; My twelfth's in we. Find out this name, and you will see A man who died in victory. The hero, dying, this did say : ' "Happy I die!" R. D. Keatley. 274.—CHARADE. Pooa Tom had a terrible beating— 'Twas done, so he said, with my last— And still he is roaring and bawling, Although 'tis all over and past. His mother now comes to console him, And öfters a piece of my first : Instead of receiving it kindly— I blush to relate it—he cursed. i Oh fie ! Master Tommy, that's wicked A nigger Would only do that, When cutting my whole in the Indies He gets a good stroke from the " cat." Said Tom, " Then I'd not roar if hit with A ' cat,' for you surely must know There's relation between us ; for often You've heard of a Tom-cat, I trow." W. J. S. Pilfold. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 50. *** For answers to Puzzler iu No. 40, please see preceding page.