THE RIDDLER. 1. NARRATIVE DUAQRAM.
ТикЕк riddling bards in merry glee Bet out one night upon the spree As lively as three bards could be, With ne'er a thought of care. Quite recklest, they go ln for fun, One witty fellow makes a pun, Amid much laughter on they run, Rending the still night air. Their voices rang out shrill and clear, Reverberating far and near, Whilst in a twinkling lights appear, And windows open soft. In merry glee on, on they sped Along the street with joyous tread, When silently a policeman's head, Emerges from aloft. In terror now they r. η ward ran, Racing as only boyhood can To keep апела of that policeman Who gave them earnest chase. But to n, alas ! they lose their way, And do not feel inclined to play, But scan each other with dismay Depicted on each face. Now, while they were debating, mind, The peeler crept up from behind ; Their merry laughter now we find Ends in a mournful wail. Next morn before the magistrate Three riddling bards, sad to relate, Stand in the dock to hear their fate— A month in Walton Jail ! Syntax (Warrington). 2. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. A ruvmikq youth am I, My home is near the Lea (A river, by-the-by, That smells infernally) ; So welcome me, welcome mo To the Journal Jv.bilet. My ink L· best blue-black, My pen's a flying J, Of rhymes I have no lack, I'm always blithe and gay ; So welcome me, welcome me To the Journal Jubilee. The girls they know are »11 that's good, They only do ju-t what they should— At leflst, that's what I'm told. The girl I know is not a sainr, She sin .8 a comic song, can paint ln manner that would make lue faint If I were much less bold. A bustle at her back is plaeed, And much too tightly is she laced— At least, that's what I'm told. Her nose is snub, her hair is short, bhe di;es mere flirting thau she ought, Her victims number one, nought, iiought, And all arc badly "sold." Lord Kkowswuo. 3. METAGRAM. A riddler who this column knew Wheu held by other writers, Whofо efforts fine all hearts entwine, While others live to fright us, Now doth appear in this >'ew year ΊΊ ijive—and don't deride it— Son.ľ couturi on a question-con., To tell how to decide it. This riddling ring requires a king, An adjunct necessary ; Let every knight sit down and writ· A con. on subject merry, And mention make (ť avow mistak·) He's for the crown competing. Then let each knight his vote indite, And give the wiimer greeting. Alpha. DEC API-CURT AI LMENT. Dear riddling friends, I come oDce more To bore you with a dismal song ; But do not groan, for I am sure I shall not keep you very long. I've tried again With might and main To sing to you A verse last two explaining why I've absent been from our dear ι iddUiV ranks ;
'Twa· not because our Editor my eons, declined with thanks, But 'twa· because Dame Musa fled and left me all alone, To mourn her absence and her naughty fickleness bemoan ; But now to me Returned has ah· To help me write this con. for thee. Friend Wood says I have been remiss In writing to my puzzling friends : Well, p'raps I have, but pardon this One fault, for now I'll make amend·; And try to writo A con. so bright That shall surprise Each riddler's eyes, And cause you all to turn quite pale with jealousy and spleen, And say, " A better con. than this I've very seldom seen." So set to first, each gallant knight, Prepare for a fierce riddling fight, And do your best With zeal and zest To show your valour, worth, and might. Neho. ENIGMA. A riXTDRE I most clearly stat·, Yet serve you well when you are late : Tou rush to me, and off you go, And catch your train—'tis better so. To see the sight, of service found, And view the hurrying crowd around. The City clerk knows me full well. And oft I could strange stories tell. At home, to you my arms extend Such various uses to commend. If you by rail a journey take, You look me o'er, for reading's sake. The laundry-maid will hold me dear, Yet in your dressing-room appear. Though fixed secure, I'm moved at will, Where e'er 1 am of service still. Of large extent, tho' small may be, In chaste designs my form you кее. H. С. Marsh. б. NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. Ικ a land of milk and honey, whose people all are free, Dwell Schneider and Broad Arrow, friends—they call it Zuydcr Zee— Who oft will send some witty cons, unto this "Jubilee;" They trust you'll in them pleasure find, and also merit see. They come of sturdy race' and true, and claim it as their due, Tbat all who read their columns through will comment upon them too ; Thus all would see, as time it flew and grew npon thoir v'cw, That liddles they had sent no few, and every one was new. * They do not mean to praise themselves, as that was never meant ; But sh. uli there be a tiddler here who Ιβ not now content, And think4 that they too forward are era riddles they have sent, They'd kindly ask that liddler time till riddles they invent. So now thcyM close their entering song ; good wishes they would share 'Mongst those with whom the riddler throng (and please divide them fair). They'll sing tho praises load and long of every liddlor there ; To fight your battles, right or wrong, none can with them compare. Schneider and Broad Arrow (Zuyder Zee). 7. MONOPHONE. Auctioneer, loq. : " Here it is, now who will buy it ? Cheap and good it is, I'm sure ; None of you can now deny it ; It is tender, pood, and pure. Who's the buyer ? Eh ? What ! no one ? None to buy this handsome joint ? No, my friends, I will not go one Ha'penny less, on honour's point." Canvas taut, set to the breezes, Catohing every puff and blow, Ev'ry cat's-paw, gust, aye, seizes, That the pace may not be slow ; Every second, from sky-scraper To the mainsail, b'.uff and big, Snowy white as any paper, Makes our vessel in full rig. R. L. Jefferson. 8. NARRATIVE TRIPLE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first three letters of a word to form another word exprescd in the narrative.) Friend " Droffo," I pray you To list for awhile, And some information I'll give you. It's not very startling,
'Twill not make you smile— " Omega " still write· for this pag·, 'ti· tru·. T. E. Barley (Manchester). NARRATIVE REVERSION. (A werd U reversed and bears a different meaning in the narrative.) itt dear Geo. R. Hoddy, a question I'll ask. I'm not going to give you a very hard task. In 8, " B.U.K." you say pen-names are wrong, And say that ne пот-ie plume e'er should belong To a riddling bird who has won any fame, And earned for himself as a riddler a naine. Why are you so hard upon all we poor knight· ? Why are you so anxious that each one who writes His cone, 'neath a pen-name should it now forsake, And from his right name all concealment take ? We mean no harm, I'm sure, by onr noms-dt-plume. Why do you wish us our right names to resume ΐ Perhaps you will say tbat " Ajax " haa done ao, But this little thing I would much like to know, Pray, was it A. Simpson in 9, " B.U.K," , Who wrote to the Editor as " Ajax," Eh ? 1 And Wood (Rob the Riddler) ; Geo. Hoddy you'll find Wrote as Rob the Riddler, I'll call to yoar mind, Soon after he said he'd forsaken that name. Now you must do your best these two to reclaim. Now mind, I don't blame them, I wish they would write Beneath their noms-de-plume, I wish that each knight Had never forsaken his pen-name во good. I wish you had kept them, A. Simpson, R. Wood. Geo. Hoddy, I hope you will tell me the cause You think that our pen-names break our riddling laws. Droffo (London). 10. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. I oould listen to ber singing For a life-time, and not tiro, And look into her glowing orbs ■ j Sparkling, dancing, full of fire. ; Very often she's beside me, In her rich, though neat, attire. How I love her pretty ways, so Sparkling, dai.cing, full of fire. Ah, yes, the truth is out, you see, 'Tis her beauty I admire, Which always seems to me to be Sparkling, dancing, full of fire. At my expense she lives and thrives, I dainties ne'er deny her, This charming bird is caged and sings, Sparkling, dancing, full of fire. H. J. Bethell (South Hampstead) ! ~ I ENIGMA. ; Mv first is won but never lost, :«' Reversed it's now before ye ; My next reversed is red as blood, In veins of Whig or Tory. My whole's so wondrous strange that I Most candidly confess it, Though you're ingenious it will be . г A wonder if you guess it. G. W. Gabbatt. 12. - ' DOUBLE DECAPITATION. If a vehicle you behead, An animal you'll have instead ; .' Behead me again and you will see, That I am a part of the verb " to be." W. Jackson and S. Richards (Would-be Politicians). 13. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. Dear Droffo, I must thank you for your very kindly con., In which my humble self, I find, is quoted, . I will do as you request me and get Amberley to write Some cons, for this our " Jubilee " so noted. I'm glad to know you think me worthy 'mongst you here to shine, 'Tie an honour, my dear Droffo, I assure you, And I hope that I shall ever all your good opinion? keep, Tho' to ecstasy my verse may not allure you. Now, Droffo, friend, I'll ask you just to tell me whom you are? Don't think that I'm an impudent upsetter ; But really I should like to find out whether you and I Have met upon the etage cf Life's theatre. R. L. Jefferson. Answers to Last Week's Kiddles. 1. Flight. Light, Wight. 2. Gone, None. 8. Hair, Air. 4. Side, Dies. 5. Till, 111. 6. Was, Saw. 7. Time, Some. 8. Haud-s-worht. 9. Their, The. 10. Poem, Poet. ( 11. Star, Tar, Rat«. \