THE PUZZLER. 223.—REBUS.
U WJFr Я 224.-CHARADE. How pleasant my primal, when florets are blooming Along the bright banks of a beautiful stream— When violets are found by the wood-walk, perfuming The air, and the sun is renewing his beam. My'second is seen at the head of the nation, Though quite in the rear of the baron or clown ; My third is an object of great estimation, And sought for in caverns far away down. In England my fourth has a lofty position, Though often it dweUs in the midst of the sea ; It is seen both in heaven and the place of perdition— In temples of stone, in the slave, and the free. My whole to the young and the lovely is pleasant, Though scorn'd by the bachelor, ugly and old— Is bought for thejpurpose of making a present, Is plain, or embellish'd with silver and gold. J. L. Luckley. 225.—ENIGMA. 'Tis strangely asserted, I own, And you'll glean from this slight information That I run through the town many miles, Though, in fact, I'm all over the nation. Through me often comfort's received, Making hearts of the living delighted, Though by me destruction will come, And cause you to be much affrighted. Scarce a house, I may venture to say, Be it either cot, castle, or mansion, But what I inhabit a place, Sometimes of enormous extension. Yet with man I've a wide reputation, For he finds in me often a pleasure ; By him, too, I greatly am prided, And sometimes stored up as a treasure. Now my colours are many, I'm sure, My materials are equally great, Differing only in shape and in size, &s well as in matter of weight. So since you have now my dimensions, The solution you quickly may meet, If while reading this over to pause, Por perchance I am under your feet. R. W. Page. 226.—DOUBLE ACROSTIC. A part of the body ; beyond ; to cure ; a battle ; an eatable ; careless ; a portion of time ; an Indian class; a bird; a vegetable. The initials and finals name two celebrated statesmen. Margaret Dorcas Pilfold. 227.—ARITHMOREM. 1001 and Snap Tre . . . A flower. 150+51 and He nip bun F. A bird. 151 and A. E. U.....Prickles on Flowers. 50 ,, U Suquer ... A bird. 0 „ Gr tar W . · · A flower. 50 „ Ze V. O. . . . . A bird. 1 ,, Hen got up W . . A flower. The initials down, and finals same, A bird and flower you will name. John W. Small. 228.—DIAMOND PUZZLE. A letter ; a name of Apollo ; a daughter of Acrisius ; a daughter of Agamemnon ; a goddess ; an infernal lake ; a sorceress ; a title of Pluto ; a letter. Thomas Lidgerton. 229.—ENIGMA. Fairyland, tropical flowers and trees, The plumage of gorgeous birds, and a breeze Laden with sweet perfume ; Statues and marbles, and sculptures rai"e, And wonders and marvels everywhere, In December the warmth of June. · I've Dresden China, Bohemian glass, Turkey carpets, mats of grass, Gondolas quaint, mosaics old, Sparkling gems, and yellow gold, Treasures from climes of ancient story, Emblems of peace, and trophies of glory ; I've pictures old, I've music grand, I've all the charms of fairyland ; A garden vasti cascades, and bowers, A marble terrace, lofty tower?, A lake with waters blue, And tiny boats to float along ; Music, laughter, mirth, and song Are found in me, 'tis true ; And should all else to charm you fail, I've Melton pies and Allsopp's ale. M. Mellett. * The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 30. *** For answer to Puzzler in No. 29, i>lcasc sec pre¬ ceding page.