THE " PUZZLEDOM " WATCH, &C, COMPETITION. No. 5.
We think it better to extend our exercises for ingenuity and divest the Competition of its ·* chance " element. In future, therefore, we shall award a keyless watch to THE MOST CORRECT & COMPLETE SET OF ANSWERS TO OUB PUZZLEDOM COMPETITION. leaving ourselves at liberty to award volumes, as tokens of merit, to the second and third best Com¬ petitors. CHARADE. A disease among the feathered pet«, That ruin to their health abet», Is first so very clear. My next, 'tis very plain to see, Is most close to you or me, In relation's sphere. A very useful vessel yon Hy combination will acme. So plainly written here. NUMBERED CHARADE. My 1, 2, 8, 3, is a number; My 4, 5, 8, 9, is a part of time ; And my 7, G, is a preposition. I consist of two words and nine letters, and my whole is а celebrated tale. SQUARE WORDS. 1. A Christian name, A state of fame. Part of our frame. Also the same. 1 Tills brings in v<ige. 2 A town, I'll engage. .4 To value will namo. 4 This is part of our framo. PUZZLE. A song and one-sixth of quiver, ■Will present u foreign river. DIAMOND rUZZLE. 1. This is in you ; ' A malt liquor you view ; A small bottle I ween ; Reaping time is seen ; Expiation, I wis; A novel this is ; Lovely, I trow ; Not backward 1 know ; A flower you'll find ; A tree bring to mind ; Just one letter place, And my whole you will trace. Down and across the centrals show, Л novel by Dickens you all must know 2. Л Koman numeral. A spirit. A girl's name. A town in Scotland. A river in England. Л tree. A Koman numeral. Tbe centrals rend down and across will name a Scotch town. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. 1 To marry's here, 2 A girl's name dear 8 To your foot's noar, 4 With this you hoar, 5 To do this havo foar. Downward primals, Upward finals ; Sphinadttes, take heed, 'Twill thow incteW, wtisA we aÛ need, On tHefce tr* feed.
RIDDLE. To an O, a C, A, T, and a Q, Add the vowel I, Then a town you'll spy. FLORAL ACROSTIC. An emblem of "good repute ; „ " self-love ; „ hidden merit ; frugality; glory ; fidelity; „ stability ; „ variety. Tbe initials» will name a flower. METAGRAM. 1 hope myself you will not do, In bringing my name into view. Change my head, and then I guess, Most animals do me possess. Head change again, and then I mean. What's very often to be seen ; In boxes, walls, and doors, too, You this one very often view. Once more head change and then you'll ken, Me in the hands of milkman Ben. Another head, and then I trow, That stormy winds on me do blow. But with another bran new head, I am a moan of pain instead. V* When forwarding solutions to our Frlie Charades, please send your Newsagent's name and addrese, also name of school, if you still attend. Compliance witb this will save time in forwarding the watch to the winner's newsagent. Write outside your envelope " Puzzledom Competition."