THE PUZZLER. 252—PEIZE BICYCLE PUZZLE. By E. P. Eoberts.
A bicycle here, my friend, you will find, Not made of wrought iron 'tis true ; But letters instead construct my'machine, A description of which I'll give you. The wheels are constructed of felloe and nave, With eight spokes to each, bear in mind ; Five letters in each spoke of front wheel are seen, And four in the rear wheel, you'll find. The eight spokes of front wheel are made of these words ; The felloe and nave, read around, Will name how the Bicycle goes when you drive it, And how you get down to the ground :— The blithe god of Love here you certainly find ; A word meaning *' weariness," please to mind. A king who was killed hy a son of his own ; A town in old England, perhaps not so well known. A great chief, related to the first Norman king» A town in Moravia, in order now bring. On railways I'm seen, as quickly I go ; A ship made for pleasure I finally show. The eight spokes of rear wheel I now will describe ; The felloe, read round, will declare Machines that are liked, and also are used ; The nave, how they go here and there. In music I signify " grave," " deep," or " slow ;" A district in Thibet, reversed, you have now. " Cover" or "sheath," which you wellknow, I ween ; A " chain " or a " couple " are in the spokes seen. 'Tis made most of paper, with it you oft play ; A tribe of the Israelites, whom the Lord did obey. A nobleman's title, which you may have heard ; A " stop " or a " prop," and then you have this word. My wheels are completed, I next must proceed To give you the rest of my work that is need. The guide fork will show to your wondering eyes A word that describes what I am ; And the rear one as well will declare unto you Another name given by man. The hearing-shaft now we must next ponder o'er, A most beautiful work it will name ; The axle will also, as well as the shaft, Name a work of decided great fame. The steering-handle is all I've to make, A bird does construct them, so then Try to find out my bicycle, but don't you go on it, Or else you'll ne'er see it again. 253—QUADRUPLE ACROSTIC. Where the sun is ever showing, Where with heat the laud is glowing, Where the winds are softly blowing, Grows my first. 'Neath my next are found, Many feet below the ground, L eep in places where no sound Up can hurst. Next, a scene of dissipation, Hated by a peaceful nation, Scene of strife or altercation Strangely massed. Children's puzzle, toy of sages, Regulating endless ages, Filling all historic pages Is my last. 1. A line or a rope that is useful to tie, By its tightening grasp does the murderer die. 2. The scene is Covent Garden's stage, Behold the prima donna ; And as she sings this pretty air, Bouquets are showered on her. 3. A Saxon monk now canonised, By records we are told ; He worshipped God in love and fear In the brave days of old. 4. To German maps or atlases Attention now direct ; Among its states a small one find, And this one please select. 254.—CHAKADE. My first I walked one winter day O'er barren hills and dreary ; I thought that I had lost my way, And I was faint and weary. Full twenty miles I had to go By bleak and dismal hedges, Among old paths and valleys low, And streamlets choked with sedges. My walking-dress, so beautiful And fashionable reckoned, Was tattered with the weary work, And nothing but my second. How did I long to reach my home— My wife, my darling Mary ! I vowed that I would never roam So far in January. At length I found my own fireside, My wife and children round me ; They shook their heads, my third they cried, But soon my total found me. And what was that, dear reader, say, A supper or confusion ? Just try your wits, and so, good-day, This is my tale's conclusion. G. J. Bell, Jun. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 45. %* For answers to Puzzler in No. 35, please see preceding page.