THE PUZZLER.
301.-PICTOEIAL EEBUS. У A 302.—A FLOEAL CHAEADE. Down in a quiet peacofnl vale there stood a human cot, Where dwelt a good man and his wife, contented with their lot. Kind Heaven had only blessed them with one lovely female child, With golden hair, and perfect face, and blue eyes beaming mild ; She was her parent's only joy, and proud of her were they, She roamed about the meads so fair, and gathered total gay. But to that happy home—ah ! see the deadly reaper move : He takes the last of all their hearts to heaven's bright realms above. The doctor comes from first's great town, but still 'twas all in vain ; Fortius dear child her Father took unto Himself again. See, by her bed her parents stand, hard stricken by their woe. "Oh ! mother, do not grieve for me : Heaven's brighter than below. My parents dear, I'm going home ; kiss me before I go. I'll join the happy angels there, and praise my God I know." " She's gone, alas !—my darling's gone !" the grieved father cries. " Heaven's will be done !" the mother sighs, with tear-drops in her eyes. " No more shall we our darling see. She's gone to realms of love, And we are left to learn the way to join her there— above." Jadíes W. Aitken. 303.—TEIPLE ACEOSTIC. 1. A Pleasant sport in pleasant weather, When country squires meet together. 2. Gardens in China this will show, And watered by the Hoang-ho. 3. An artist, this will give the name, Of Italy, and well known to fame. 4. On board a ship I'm known to dwell— The sailors know my use full well. 5. I may be short, I may be long, I may be weak, or may be strong. 6. A heathen goddess, and patroness of the chate, Who " passed a life of piety and peace." 7. A watering-town in Germany, Well known, perhaps, to you and me. Initials, finals, and the middles Will name three different kinds of riddles. Geo. J. Bell, Jun. 304.—QUADEUPLE ACEOSTIC. He is, this poor old feeble man, Mistakeless—so 'tis said. I cannot think how people can By errors such be led. They cannot credit, certainly, Perfection is humanity. 1. The point or the end of a thing first disclose, The last letter added; but you must transpose. 2. The primal word of a motto this (Transposed it is, remember), 'J he insignia of an order of which Our crown princo is a member. 3. A kind of an aquatic bird— Well, have you guess'd ? It is my third. 4. These creatures, whene'er danger's near, And they've a family, How careful of it do appear— Oh, kind maternity ! Transpose the word that's in disguise, 'Twill then assume its proper guise. E. Hills. 305.-QUOTATIONS. 1. The noblest mind thé best contentment has. 2. Misery acquaints a man with strange be·.! follows. 3. Condemn the fault, but not the actor of it. 4. None but the brave deserve tbe fair. 5. God made the country, and man the town. 6. Life's a jest, and all things show it. 7. Fling but a stone, the giant dies. 8. The path 'of glory leads but to the grave. 9. Laws grind the poor, and rich man rule the land. 10. I've often wished that I had clear for life six hundred pounds a year. 11. Golden opinions from all sorts of people. 12. The price of wisdom is above rubies. Thos. Н. Nesbitt. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 56. *_* For answers to Puzzler iu No. 46, please see preceding page. · ··------- ·