THE PUZZLER.
574.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Old Caledonia's barren bills, Her picturesque cascades and rills. Her mountain scenery that thrills The gazer's heart with awe : Of these my primals wrote and sung, His praise in every land has rung, He's read in nearly every tongue The world ever saw. My finals has his noble name Emblazoned on the scroll of fame ; Of ancient lineage he came, But perished in his prime. He died while striving hard to place A state from Matapan to Thrace, Which should subdue the Turkish race In Greece's sunny clime. 1. When Maggie heard that her true love was dead, She then did this, in sorrow bowed her head. 2. But when she heard he lived, for news will fly, She then was this, and blushed so soit and shy. Oh, woman 1 thou dost often act a lie. 3. King Solomon, in Scripture we are told, Oft sent to me for ivory and gold j But while his wisdom through all time survives, The student this suggestive truth derives : His ruin was, he had too many wives ! 4. Upon their tawny skins Maories trace Strange wavy outlines, not devoid of grace. 5. From east to west, from north to south it goes, While in the van the engine puffs and blows. John Scott. 575.—ENIGMA. " Would you be surprised to hear" Contradictions made quite clear ? Wait awhile, and this you'll see, Then remarle, 'tis "just like me." " Would you be surprised to hear " that I Will several maxims commonplace deny Ρ " Evil communications wül corrupt Good manners," it is said. In terms abrupt I say with temper, as 'tis often cool, " There are exceptions unto every rule." 1. Though I am rough, and seemingly uncouth, Soon will with what I come in contact smooth ; The joiner at his woodwork knows thie well ; The blacksmith at his anvil, too, can tell How I assist them ; although cross in grain, Their work well finish, make uneven plane. With smith and joiner not alone I'm found, But artizans of all grades, I'll be bound ; Whether they work on gold, with nicest skill, Or ponderous iron, with Herculean will, My services will soon acknowledged be, And each will say that it is " just like me." And " would you be surprised to hear " me say, My use is known in quite another way Ρ 2. Leave you the workshop, to the office go, And an appliance for me thero I'll show. " Birds of a feather flock together" will, The proverb says ; but do I this fulfil Ρ Amongst the office papers look around, And, most conspicuous, I will be found. From vegetable nature paper's seen, Yet mineral's my origin, I ween. Not always in this form, I will admit : I oft another meaning take—to wit, 8. If, Mr. Editor, you G. J*.s see In order laid, is it not " just like me ?" But " would you be surprised to hear "again I may be found where sounds the martial strain Ρ I'm not confined to follow peaceful arts, But seen where war its awful will asserts. 4. Visit the barracks, see the soldiers made To go through their manœuvres on parade, You'll find me there : they mention me by name ; 'Tis not my fault : man only is to blame. But quit review«, with all their pomp and show, And see them leaving " home—sweet home," to go To fight in foreign lands—for what P—for what ? For nothing. Heaven 1 can it Ьз for that ? No matter what 'tis for, but there I'll be, And, worst of aU, you'll say it's " just like me." Assy. 576.—ACROSTIC. 1. Not months or years can number me; When they shall end I still shall be. 2. Part of a ship you'll find in me, Sailing away far o'er the sea. 3. A number : 'tis a large amount, _ Not half of it could you e'er count. _. I wrote it, and sent it away, And he'll have it at dawn of day. 5. A word which means, as you will see, Inveterate malignity. 6. A carpet soft and always green ; , You've often walked on it, I ween. When these initials you have told, I You've found an English king of old. a; A. H. The answers to Puzzler in this Number will appear in No. 138. *„* For answers to Puzzler in No, 126, please see preceding page.