щщег.
y t n d o d y s o o n t y f 1.—CONUNDRUMS. 1.—Why is the Editor of this paper like a ladies' man ? 2.—Why is a London gentleman removing from Park Street, in the Strand, like a vessel ashore ? 3.—In what point does a man hanging resemble the 81-ton gun going off ? 4.—Why is the hangman, pulling the trap from under hia victim, like a hair- trigger ? 5.—Why does a venerable old gentleman possess the chief characteristics of a common swindler ? G.—Why is a man, with his liver very much diseased, in rather a bad way Ρ B.M.S. 2— ENIGMAS. A word of one syllable, easy and short, Which reads backwards and forwards the It same; expresses the sentiments warm from the heart, And to beauty lays principal claim. A avord there is, five syllables it contains, Take one away, no syllable it contains. 4. A man once launched a vessel large, And live-stock, too, he took in charge ; He did not barter, buy, nor sell, *, Whichever wind blew, pleased as well. « He sailed at random, was to no port bound, His only wish was soon to run aground. Ϊ V # The prisoner, in his dungeon deep, Dreams he has won me in hia sleep, And 'wakens in despair. The warrior on an alien strand, Fights, to win for his native land, My presence, sweet and fair. The wight, by sorrow overcast, Toss'd by misfortune's cruel blast, Finds dearly I am bought. Yet hungers with hope undefined, For me to cheer his wand'ring mind, And banish gloomy thought. All mortals, whatsoe'er their lot, The prince in palace, serf in cot, For me through life have striven ; And, while this mundane ball shall be, All mankind ever find in me A spirit born of Heaven ! J. Pi COULDRIDE. 6. There is a word of plural number, A foe to peace and tranquil slumber ; Now any word you choose to take, By adding " s " with plural make j But if you add an " s" to this, Strange is the metamorphosis ! Plural will plural be no more, And sweet what bitter was before ! F. Pitt. 7—METAGRAM. (Each "light " to be curtailed.) Come ! pause awhile in wicked Mary's reign, When England its people knew no bliss ; When Rome, forsooth, was in ita power again, And heroes suffered punishment for this. Now search your Latin dictionaries through— This signifies an heiress or an heir ; If thus, as I command them, all will do, They will not fail to find the answer there.
A little word containing letters four ; A preposition, too, I would explain. Cut off my head, I signify before, A little lake, if you transpose again. And now ye scholars, bring your grammars in. What answers to this definition see— " Possessive pronoun, gender feminine, Accounted the objective case of she." Let those who, having learnt their grammars through, Are well prepared to answer me aright, Disclose a little word of letters two— A pronoun personal will fill this " light;." Thia consonant is often much abused— Omitted where it ought to be pronounced. And, strange to say, 'tis very often used When really it should not have been an¬ nounced ! E. P. IIOLLIDAY. 8.—CONUNDRUMS. 1—What gives a cold, cures a cold, and pays the doctor's bill ? ^ Q tauíhľC 2.—What two animala had the least luggage in the ark. ( 3.—When is a bell like a fowl's neck ? Wïve/w й 4.—Why is your hat like a giblet pie ? 5.—What is that which, if you name it, you are sure to break it ? ^л' lb¡/wu - E. H. 9.—TRIPLE ACROSTIC. Ie these initials you will take, You soon will find that they will make The name of that Thessalian vale So much renouned in lyric tale. The central letters next you read, And in the country of the Swede You'll find the town these letters show, Washed by the water's constant flow. Next to the Isle of Arran go, A small lake there the finals show. С Burns. 10.—EGINMA. I'M a word of few letters, which you may find out, And jay time is much spent in wand'ring about. I live in the palace, the mansion, the cot, With the rich and the poor—for such 13 my lot. With the thief of the night I'm prowling about, Performing such wonders, that none ever doubt. I can rest on a shelf, or hang on a wall, And live in the pockets of bellea of the ball. . Without me no organ was ever complete, Of music itself you could ne'er write a sheet. In vessels of war I feel quite at home, And content in my journeys wherever I roam. In churches and chapels too I have a place, In dungeons and dens, yet feel no disgrace. I'm clerk and cashier all night for a bank, Yet meanly I'm used in the place of a crank, I'm held aa a treasure, and kept out of sight, So try, if you please, and bring me to light. E. Dunn. —CONUNDRUMS. blackman dies what do his 11. 1. When a relations do ? 2. What is the most appropriate place in Ire¬ land for the residence of tenants who won't pay their rents ? 3. Why are all vessels cruising between the Isle of Wight and the Hampshire coast to be avoided ? Xmas. Answers to Last Week's Hidciles. 1. A Spoon. 2. Nightingale. 3. Peacock. 4. Earth, Crime, thus : EccentriC. AnsweR. Rabbi. ThraldoM. HerE. 5. Greece, Hector, thus : GasH, RagE, ElectriC, ExtracT, CantO, EmbeR. 6. Friendship»