The Riddler. 1. ENIGMAS.
When Herschel first aspired to fame, And sought, like me, immortal name, By telescopic aid ; He saw me in the moon on high, And in that comet in the sky, Which made fierce Turks afraid. Cook saw me in the southern ocean, And Ptolemy in solar motion, But never in the sun. Copernicus and Tycho claim, From me such consequence and name, Ere they their schemes begun. By men of science I've been found In fossil wood, deep in the ground ; Though not in earth or sea. I near the mountain's head appear, Within a foggy atmosphere ; A won'drous mystery. I in the Torrid Zone abide, Yet in warm climes I ne'er reside, Such is my wond'roue frame. 'Midst frost intense, and coldest snow, On the top of Mount Chimborazo, I held a seat and name. Like vast Eternity I am ; Though never yet reveal'd my name ; Nor water, air, nor sky. Could mortal see the northern pole, He there would find, within a hole, What wond'rous thing am I. J. Nash. 2. My whole spherical, and 'neath the ground, Grows from a quarter-ounce to half a pound, But cut it in two parts, just in the middle, One half will be a pound. Come, eolve the riddle. J. Nash. What is it makes the maiden Lose all her charming grace, And causes ugly crow's-feet To come upon her face ? Why does she puff and powder ? Well, really, don't you see ; She does it, gentle reader, To hide the marks of me. What is it makes the old maid Dye all her corkscrew curls, And paint her face with carmine, To look like youthful girls ? Why does she tell her cronies She's only twenty-three ? My mind is that she does all this To hide her marks of me. What makes the " worn-out masher " Put on a false moustache, And go to the theatres, And freely spend his cash On all the pretty actresses That he is sure to see ? Why, he does it all, dear Comrades, To hide the marks of me. George Howard (Nemo.) 4. I am walked through each day, No matter which way, You always are going through me. I am light as a feather, But when put together, I am heavy as heavy can be. H. E. English.
5. CHARADES. Now, strange things'have been happening in this country of late, And, if you'll pay attention, then to you I will relate A circumstance which happened to me, whilst coming home one night ; It was so very comical, although it caused me fright. I'd just shaken hands, and said "good-night" unto my dearest Jane, And parting—why, to steal a kiss I never could refrain, And bending down my head to her we kissed the good old way, And what she quietly told me—well, it's not ,for me to say» My way it was so lonely, and the night was very dark ; Down Hartley Lane I quickly strode, and then through Hanson Park. My thoughts went back unto my Jane, who soon would be my bride, My heart it was so light that I could think of nought beside ; When, lifting up my head, I saw something which caused me fright : A few yards in advance there stood a figure, clothed in white— They say that spirits walk the earth in this peculiar way; But, whether that is true or not, it's not for me to say. I quickly stopped, and then I tried if I could pierce the gloom, To find whose spirit 'twas who thus had left its lonely tomb ; At last my fear: dispersed, and then I slowly did advance ; I thought that if it was a ghost, that I must take my chance. So step by step I slowly went, my heart being filled with dread ; I did not like to thus be stopped by spirits of the dead ; When I got close to it I saw what 'twas stood in my way : It was a, first, though what's its name it's not for me to say. And since that time I did resolve a next I'd try to be, And nothing makes me tremble now, no matter what it be ; I got a situation as a whole upon my word, I married Jane, and since that time my fortune she has shared, And when my work is over, and I sit and have a read, Or enjoy a chat amongst my friends, and sip my glass of mead, I take delight in telling them what stopped me on my wrv, And wlatthay tell me back again—it's not for me to say. Herbert Read. Гм Be A A Cu 6. Who, when I had not long been born— When my young head of hair was shorn, Soothed me, when crying all forlorn ? My mother ! Wbo, when on the shelf I got And knocked in jam a mustard-pot, For my trousers (?) made it hot ? My mother ! Who, to shield me from all harm, Braving for me every storm, Strained me to her second warm ? My mother ! Who, once in a household war, For stealing first stuff (which she saw), With a poker broke my jaw ? My mother ! Who, when I grew a little bolder, And of my whole at length I told her, Turned to me the coldest shoulder ? My mother ! Who, now that tall and strong I'm grown, With wife and children of my own, Calls me her darling, noble son ? My mother ! ' Alpha, M M A M A S
o d s y t g f n r y r e e y e or 7. DECAPITATION. Гм*ап article, whole, that may be met Almost anywhere. Beheaded, the name of a girl. 'Tis a pet Almost anywhere. And now, if me once again you behead, much abused animal you'll have instead. Curtailed, I'm a very small word, to be read Almost anywhere ! Alpha. ENIGMA. You will see me sometimes after rain, O'erarching the blue sky, But after awhile I begin to wane, And fade away and die. í am a symbol of peace to all, As sent to them by God, And I appear through many a j'ear, Though first seen after the flood. J. P. Quinn. no T on Y or o a a d d a w w f s c b t 9. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. My first is what we all should be, My next means left out, perhaps you'll see ; hollow reversed, and you have my third. My fourth is a person with bad feelings stirred, State in America, fifth appears then. Sixth an animal oft hunted by men. My seventh a species of sixth will be, My eighth, one part of a square will be ; Primals. It is a very well known thing, Little and great its praises do sing. Finals. A very well known friend appears ; May he live long and happy years. J. P. Quinn (Dublin.) 10. CHARADE. Of my first there are two, And, my good reader, you Must either be one or the other. My next is a weight, And yet, I may state, It is aristocratic, yes—rather ! And as for my whole He's a useful good soul, Though when wanted a good many mourn. You'll require him some day, S о »stri ve that you may Be prepared when it comes to your turn. 11. NARRATIVE DOUBLE OMEGRAM. Violet, my darling, I'm thinking of you ; Dear to my heart are thy bright eyes of blue, Their splendour still hallows the gloom of decay, And calms the sweet features that fade not away. Yet down in the valley, yes, down there below, Liée the sad changeless form, I loved long ago ; On her brow is the trace of the last fond smile ; Radiant and lovely, in death's cruel toil. . John Leigh (Warrington).