THE PUZZLER.
S58.-PICTORIAL REBUS. 2 . n m t — ¬ d t 5 f ¬ s ¬ s t ¬ ¬ h al n e s , t , d s. e . e d Ι000Ϊ 7. 8 9. 10. U. 12. 13 14 15. 16 17 18 19. S59.-PLORAL CHARADE. Hew varied the beauties the garden does yield. So different in colour and size, What pretty wild flowers are found in the field, How subtle each tree in a wood or a weald, Though covered with insects and flies. That you've been in a garden, I've not the least doubt, But pray, will you walk into mine, And the following flowers in it you will see-» Also some plants, and trees two or three With apples upon them so fine. 1. My primal you'll see by the side of a man Who has knowledge enough in his head, 2. With a beautiful lady he stands arm in arm, 3. Near the phrenetic flower, which causes alarm To them and the rest in that bed. 4. My second is seen near the mirror of beauty, In oolours red, yellow, and white ; 5. And not far from tbem is a musical swain, 6. With a case in his hand which, Гт sure, will contain \ Your jewels so shining and bright. In another department some flowers are seen, Which will serve for your dinner to-da \ The foot of a beast, and the eye of another, * The claw of a bird, and the bill of its mother, Will make a nice pie, I must say. If the pie you don't like, well then, you must dine On the head of a fowl, and a fly, On an unhappy bird, often seen on a wall, On the ear of a quadruped nervous and small, And that part of a bird, called the eye. My total is found near a man fond of dress. With a besom held tight in his hand ; "Pray think of me always wherever you be," To a nice flower maiden, one fine night, said he, With an air of delight, graceful and grand. 20. The headdress of our Queen is handsomely shown 21. Beside the wender of a distant place. 22. A soft and gentle lad—no matter for his name, 23. 24. A female's hair, a seat, and an amusing game, 25. The middle of my garden always grace. 26. The arrogance of a famous English city, 27. Is seen beside a costly twig. 28. 29. A rich pasture-ground, near a common does grow, 30. 31. A flower that shines upon justice does glow, At the end of my garden se big. Thos. Hutchinson. 860.—CHARADE. I met a quaint old lady, In my rambles out one day ; A lady friend was with her, But whom I could not say. She conversed with me gravely-· The ancient dame, I mean— ι Until she told me, naively, She was cousin to the Queen. I fear I smiled incredulous, ι Then bidding her farewell, That quaint old dame, alaš ! is first, I mused o'er the sad spell. Thence to the town proceeded, To buy a second there ; I soon got what £ needed, Though thought it rather dear ! My way I then took homeward, The night was dark and drear ; No third I saw on the lonely road, But, on reaching home, 'twas there. Next day so bright and charming, I soon proposed a drive ; Procured my forth, and off we went. Arriving home at five. My whole would be too long a jaunt, t As you may well surmise. S. M. Roberts. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 71. %* For answers to Fuzzier in No. 59, please see preceding page.