THE CHILDREN'S PAGE.
I. SCRIPTURE QUESTIONS. PRIZE AWARD. The best answers to the Scripture questions set in the May number were those of EVELYN M. STORRAR, 15, Castle Street, Abergavenny, to whom a prize of ios. 6d. is awarded, and WILLIE NEDWILL, H33, Exchange Buildings, Liverpool, who receives a prize of 5s. PRIZE OFFER. We offer a prize of ios. 6d. and another of 5s. for the best answers to the following Scripture questions :- i. Write short notes on each of the following places : Mizpah, Meroz, Moriah, Merom. 2. Mention any incident in the Old T· tament connected with a vineyard. 3. Explain the parable of the labourers in the vineyard. II. PUZZLES. PRIZE AWARD. The best solutions of the Puzzles set in our May number were those of ARTHUR B. MOONEY, Elleville, Raglan Road, Dublin, to whom a prize of Ios. 6d. is awarded, and GERTRUDE V. FRITH, Birch Villa, Birch Vale, Near Stockport, who receives a prize of 5s. PRIZE OFFER. We offer a prize of Ios. 6d. and another of 5s. for the best solutions of the following puzzles:- I am a place of busy trade, A colour, too, but light in shade ; Then I would make you act upright. And when you travel bring delight. As current coin, or current weight, Am used by men in daily trade; To dust reduce things strong and great, For beasts that stray a prison made. A beautiful tree, Or sign to applaud, All men should have me, Though I mean to defraud. My first's in storm, but not in gale; My next's in worm, but not in snail; My third's in snail, but not in worm ; My fourth's in gale, but not in storm ; My fifth's in youth; you now may scan, My whole is made by many a man.
The name of a tree And a metal unite, My whole then will be Where sailors are bright. My first's a husk, My last's a measure, My whole's a bird Of homely feather. A preposition and a sound, When joined in one, Make what is sought the world around, But seldom won. My first you find in hunting, my second in a bear; My third and fourth, you'll find them both in polo, I declare ; My fifth you'll see in telescope, my sixth is in eye ; My seventh is in hexagon, my eighth in nullify; My whole a famous general, whose name I must decline To tell you. He was born in August, seventeen sixty- nine. My first's on land, At Law's command, Or what young men delight to do. My last looks grand On sea-not sand, Yet men and maids 'ny whole pursue. My first, though carried by my last, Is from its bosom often cast To find a grave. But join them both together fast, And then my whole will brave the blast, My first to save. A girl's name And common weight, When joined in one, Will mean the same, Should you relate My whole when done. When whole I say to all, " Look here," But cut in two, you need not fear ; I am not ice nor land nor sea, Though still I say, " Look here" for me. SOLUTIONS OF PUZZLES SET IN JUNE. Ezntgmas.--Shadow, Flag, Water, Ice, Stream. Decapitations.-Amend, mend, end, Amen, me. Search, Sear, Sea, arch, ear, Search. Stone, scare, orange, shed, scowl, Perth. Loath, Erode, Vaunt, Elate, Least, Nonce Charade.-Birthplace. RULES. (i) Answers to the Scripture questions and solutions of the puzzles set this month must be sent in- by July Ioth, addressed to The Prize Editor, WOMAN AT HOME Office, 27, Paternoster Row, E.C. (2) Envelopes should be marked on the outside " Children's Page." (3) The address and age, as well as the name, of the sender must be given. All children under fcfteeu are eligible for the competitions.