THE PUZZLER. 244.-REBUS.
Ý
o n h e e ¬ s t o e g n e n , . - , f ¬ o e , , ¬ ¬ , y ffl w e . a ¬ r. o e s " r e, ld n- m¬ er an gs r¬ l- ng ss on er he ia y- 245.-TRIPLE ACROSTIC. 1. Attempt not, in a crowded street,' Your bicycle to ride, Unless you have me over it, _. And can its movements guide. 2. A man commissioned to achieve Some public duty here conceive. 3. From their full purse most freely they Should give unto the poor, As for suoh acts of charity Heav*n would increase their store. 4. Its meaning you may soon detect—- To counterfeit, or to affect. 5. When, with his bride, young Lochinvar Escaped, my next did they. 6. You'll quickly find, if sharp you are. Submission I convey. Initials, centres, finals down, Will name three poets of renown. B. Gibbons. 246.—ENIGMA. I iova to roam when the curlew's wing Is dipp'd in the deep blue wave Of the rock-bound bay, When moonbeams play, O'er many a lov'd one's grave ; And deep in the dell, at the wooing hour, I stray with the happy pair, And bright hopes bring Of the bridal ring To the heart of the maiden fair. O'er trackless paths of the desert wild· Of the far, far West I flee. And I sorrows start In the widowed heart From the depths of the frozen sea ; And though to the lowly bard I kneel, And the fairest of treasures bring, I wield the power In an evil hour To humble the proudest king. David L. Cameron. 247.—CHARADE. I had a dream, a bright gay dream, Of ages long ago, When chivalry was at its height. With all its pomp and show. Methought I saw a tournament, With knights in armour bright ; The king and all his court were there— A grand and glittering sight. The trumpets sound : see from his tent Henry de Lacy ride, Eager to combat for my last, And win a lovely bride ; For the brave Baron Hugh de Lysie Had promised fair Rosaline, His lovely daughter, to the one Who should the contest win. But, see I another knight rides forth, Equipped in burnished steel·— His vizor down, his lance in rest, And armed from head to heel. Across the field their horses dash ; They meet—crash 1 on the ground Lies Henry, and his enemy Rides back with victory crowned.' Six other knights also do try Their power 'gainst the unknown ; But 'tis in vain, for scarce they meet, < When on the ground they're thrown. The victor comes, with prancing horse. To claim the lost he's won ; He opes his vizor as he nears The grand imposing throne. As Rosaline upon his face Does look with curious eyes, A look of whole comes over her— " 'Tis first John Lorme !" she cries. James Wm. Aitken. 248.—CONUNDRUMS. 1. When is a steam-engine like a quire of note paper P 2. What is the difference between a soldier and a thief who robs a ship's cargo P 3. What is the difference between an artist who buys good colours and a girl of the period ? 4. How do we know that Robin Hood wae an artist P 5. Wht is an Israelitish William like a great festival P 6.—What men are like musical instruments P W. W. de GaucHT. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 43. %* For answers to Puzzler in No. 33, please see preceding page. t g p O W d a b "