RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. N1ARRATIVE DECAPITATION.
.pthe first letter of a word, iea vl another word, erprossed ,swy trom the smoke and the dust of the town, drgy from the noise of the City's renown, fay from the traffic, the whirl, and the bustle, ojring thy head where the green leaves rustle, laing benignly on trees and fair beauty, Viewing new pictures of pleasure and duty, ion standest in silence so stately and grand, with lovely simplicity stretched on each hand, Temple Bar. Sonder if ever in dreams you return Tyour home in the City ? if ever you yearn Irthe life and the restlessness once so delightful, rwhether you think your new station is frightful ! eit seem very dull to stand silent and lonely? ,does the fair scenery look nice and homely. make you feel glad that at last you can rest asohtude very refreshing and blest, Temple Bar ? you miss the pinched faces of coldness and woe, bich beneath you passed ceaselessly on to and fro ?- e cry of the desolate, homeless, and cheerless, rthe splendour of riches so dazzling and peerless ? yau long for a sight of the fast-fleeting gladness, hich ends, oh, so often, in bitterest sadness ? rue you content to muse over the past, dfeel g!ad to think you have left it at last, Temple Bar? it nice to be stared at-to meet strangers' eyes ed on you with glances of gravest surprise ? the talked of and criticised out of all reason, esome in delight, and by others in treason? shear homely voices in countrified lingo daire you without the " By George !" or" By jingo l" often expressed in your hearing in town ? Desit cause you amusement, or call up a frown, Temple Bar ? you only could answer, how many a tale !life in its restlessness you could unveil- those you have seen in your past days of glory, change and decay throughout Time's varied story, poets and statesmen, historians, sages, dead generations and long bygone ages, Imonarchs and dynasties, pomp, power, and fame, summed up together in your old, old name, Temple Bar. ,well, even you must at length pass away, victim demanded by age and decay; our youth and your prime have departed for ever, d, like to our own, will return again never. dthough your old age may be spent in seclusion, 'tm, peaceful, and quiet, away from confusion, etyou will be standing most likely for years, ngafter we've vanished from earth's vale of tears, Temple Bar. rt names will be buried in ages of dust ore Time will bring you to earth, as he must; erselves be forgotten, unthought of, unknown, ad you be in solitude, standing alone; ewfaces and new generations throng round you, Ten while in sublimity almost profound you eveal these same thoughts, these same memdries tell, ithose whom we never shall know-so farewell, Temple Bar. NELLIE WATSON, Cheshunt. NARRATIVE MIETAGRAMS. ge the first letter of a word to form another word, expressed In the narrative.) Icome from above, ah, ah ! oh, oh I I'm a dweller aloft in the sky; My name is Skyscraper, I live among vapour, And I scorn e'en the thought of a lie. Yes, the truth I love, ah, ah I oh, oh ! If I told an untruth I should die; Plice in me reliance, and with facts in science I'll acquaint you, although I am dry. Learu, then, for a start, ah, ah ! oh, oh ! That the mists and the clouds of the sky Are scraped by Skyscraper, who lives among vapour, And who scorns e'en the thought of a lie. I rake then and scrape, ah, ah! oh, oh! And put them ('tis a fact) all in groups; phlce stars in u.tions, and in their right stations, And arrange all the meteors in troops. Know some stars go round, ah, ah! oh, oh! And that these stars are all made of brass; Prom truth I ne'er wander, like old Vagabonda, But, however, o'er that hint I'll pan, As soon as I can. ah, ah ! oh, oh ! And so learn, then, that some stars ne'er move, And these by Skyscraper are lit with waste paper In the mystical skyland above. IIf you wish to know, ah, ah ! oh, oh ! Here, the jok s we enjoy and the fun! SP0a capita, joker I'll back the sun-stoker, ho " hangs oat" in a den near the sun. e said yesterday, ab, ah ! oh, oh !- Touagh we begged him to stop his queer ways, gave us no Parley. but would state that Barley as too author of Ivanhoe's lays. Irejust made a find, ah, ah! oh, oh! t has floated up here from below; It's ome rubbish by Holmes, who writes rubbish by I tom es'l It'll do to light stars with, I trow. Iost now to work, ah, ah ! oh, oh ! hr there's no harder worker on high a va lut Skyscraper. who lives among vapour, Aad who scorns e'en the thought of a lie. SxYscRAPER. nAr DD CRICKETERS. ,-Under the daisied turf they lie, G;ood men and true in olden days; Tie centle winds go whispering by, And on their graves the sunshine plays. At Gd, the mighty umpire's " call, Their wickets down, the veterans came; Aud laid as.de were bat and ball, For ever past the dear old game. Yet we, the sons of later days, Preserve the memory of their deeds, Dieep ever green the batsman's bays, Nor yet forget the bowler's meeds. Ttll of the men of grand old Kent, 1heuan erand Pilch and Alfred Mynn, erfn every match new lustre lent, or every match became a win. Nor less of those whom Surrey bore, Though some were men of later years; CWhsr, like Roman stern of yore, \Vho never knew a coward'e fears Aid Jupp and Humphrey comrades true, Whlo many a ball to boundary sent, When runs were many, chances few, On centuries each mind intent. Ad others too, well known to fame, Feli anud'Wisden Sontherton, And him who bore the Graces' name SIlis mother's youngest, dearest one; Oley, whose balls like lichtning sped, lsY-vard and Tarraut of the Fen, ith many anothcr long since dead; All thorough crcktetre--and me! JACK, 5, "' -
NARRATIVE DOUBLE OMEGRAMS. (Okange the two last letters of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) " Much ado about nothing." 4.-When boys were boys and girls were girls, And wise men knew the worth of pearls, In fact, before the modern passion Of changing things came into fashion, Before the Germans' competition Drove young men's prospects to perdition, There lived a maid of beauty rare, In Charing Cross, or somewhere there; For what, in conscience, does it matter As to the strictness of the latter, So that we know, however twisted The subject is, the maid existed? She lived, no matter when or why, But having lived, she had to die- A thing that every sage and duffer, Through being born, has had to suffer. But that is neither here nor there As to the maid of beauty rare : One thing at a time, so says the poet, Is quite enough, and he ought to know it. But what that particular thing is, pray, He doesn't condeacend to say; We know not whether 'twas cholera doubled him, Or whether 'twas flies, or worse, that troubled him; Or whether he pined for some maiden gay In the usual languid, poetical way, Who broke his heart and her promise to wed; Or whether her brother had broken his head. We only know the good old rule, " When a man gets married a man's a fool;" So whether the thing was foul or fair We do not know and do not care. For whatever th particular thing could be, It's naught to you, and it's naught to me. But hold, enough I Where had I got? Had I finished, or had I not ? Before my genius quite went out, What the deuce was I talking about ? Oh, now I know-by all that's fair, 'Twas about that maiden of beauty rare, That maiden rich, in virtue strong, Whose hair was short, though her life was long; And, although I'm sorry to have to own it, So was the thing they termed her tongue. Her form was very small and neat, But, oh, alas ! not so her feet; For whenever she walked beneath the skies, 'Twas sad to see how the dust would rise. She didn't live at peace with all, For, although but little, her pride was tall; So as her tongue would never cease, She lived at war and slept in peace. And, oh, in every wordy fight She always proved that she was right; In fact, so much in this she'd revel, I'm sure she'd argue down thq d- . That is, I moon she'd not forshke it, If the old man would undertake it ; For whatever we think of that fearful elf, He's free, and so can please himself. So now that question's made explicit, 'Tis done for good, so let's dismiss it; For I, however the thing might grieve you, In point of fact will have to leave you; For on my faith, as I'm a sinner, It's a case of go or miss my dinner. So there, farewell, good-bye, adieu, Your love to me, and mine to you. As for this rhyme, I beg to say, Don't let it put you out of the way; And just a word to those that need it- If you don't like it, you needn't read it. FooNooLIcAN. (With apologies to my mate, the Deneon Jester.) 5.-.From Hades I've come to endeavour to show There's nothing combustible in it; All riddlers can venture a visit below, There's nothing combustible in it. Though Mephy is lauded in rhyming refrain, If you will examine the place where the brain Is supposed to reside, you'll discovery gain- There's nothing combustible in it. If you in the " T." would create a surprise, There's nothing ingenious in it; You must promptly select a conspicuous guise, With nothing ingenious in it. The queen you must solemnly vow to defend, From aggressors all life and vitality rend, And then, in conclusion, the Editor send A letter, with dynamite in it. I often indulge in a terrible rage, but there's nothing formidable in it; And viciously feel that a war I could wage With the world-but there's nothing much in it. I once had a parcel delivered by post, The unpacking of which took six hours at the most; I found to my grief and pecuniary cost, That nothing but shavings was in it. Oh, love is a theme that all poets review, But there's nothing poetical in it ; Though a maiden may vow that to you she'll be true, There's nothing reliable in it. For love's consummation you mournfully sigh, And promptly resolve to her pater to hie; But approach not his house if a tar-barrel's nigh, For perchance you will quickly be in it. IONTE CIHRISTO, Hades. DUA-DOUBLE-OMEGRAM. (Change the first two and the last two letters of a word, to form another w orl.) 6.-Oh, Monte, my boy, I am in a dilemma, To shrink from the truth I will make no pretence ; You're hasty, I know, but you will not condemn a Fellow before you have heard his defence. A few ev'nings since at her house I attended, And saw her papa-a most trying ordeal; I trust my demeanour by no means offended, On such-like occasions at ease one can't feel. I soon got accustomed, and loudly dilated On Tories who hailed from the primal old school; The wrongs of poor Erin I sadly related, And mentioned reward for iniquitous rule. I benefits final our land would be gaining By seunding immaculate Lib'rals to power, Although in the deepest of silence remaining Her pater the while, though I spoke by the hour. And when I departed at length for my dwelling (I really regretted the subject to leave), He still was quite mute-there is really no telling The manner some people impressions receive. And now for a moral my rashness to fetter- Adien to prospective political glory; I've heard from my idol, and learn from her letter Her papa's an arrogant, bigoted Tory I All efforts to compromise matters he's scorning, And offers me weapons from swords to a bri k *; Prepare to be plunged in the deepest of mourniug- There's one consolation, my cranium's thick 1 ACHmLLES II. MONOPHONE. (Words of dhierenmt meane(n, but the same in sound. 7.-" TIhat field is very first," Soid the second, with a frown. "'Tis much too hard to till it," aid the farmer, looking down. Iaom MIsg.
NARRATIVE DUAGRAMS. (Ohange the rset two letters of a word to form another word, ex. pressed in the narrative.) AN ODE TO MY Im-PoT. (With apologies to Monte Christo.) 8.-Sweet leaden pot, I pen to thee Some verses most erratic; A comfort thou hast been to me When lonely in my attic. My memory now doth wander back To schooldays bright and joyous; Thou oft didst make our fingers blackr But that did ne'er annoy us; For, armed with thee, dear friend of lead, We fought with one another, And with thee bruised the greasy head Of Johnson's spiteful brothet. But that alone was not the feat Which crowned thy lid with glory ; With thy assistance verses neat And meny a thrilling story I've written (N.B.-all declined); And when in need of money; You helped me to each friend remind With words like sugared honey. Their notes, alas i could not be cashed, And one friend caused me sorrow- My nasal organ nearly smashed Because I tried to borrow I And, oh, what joy my heart pervader Whene'er I think of Nancy, And several other pretty maids That orce I used to fancy. From thy dark depths I wrote such noted) Brimful of sweet affection- " Thy constant lover on thee dotes," And never feared detection. At length there came a fatal day, A breach of promise action; And damages I had to pay To give her satisfaction. I gaze upon thy batter'd form . With fervent adoration; I'll vow to shield thee from all harm And further indentation- But stay, a fearful leak I see, With pools of ink around it; My tablecloth is spoilt by theeb My paper, too, confound itl No more thy worth I'll sing in rhyme, No words of praise I'll utter; For now, thou source of all my crime, I'll fling thee in the gutter. Jo-KINo, Lambeth. 9.-Maiden with the golden hair, Thou art beauteous as the day; But thy beauty now so rare In its turn will fade away. Go thy way, then, through the worla, Flirt and pleasure if thou must, I am careless of thy beauty, For thy beauty is but dust. Grace of form, and sparkling eye, And thy smile of witchery, Though they make another sigh, Are but things as dead to me. Can your beauty ever hope Iu its foolish pride to cope With the waving of the woodlands, And the freshness of the breeze ? Tell me, what are thine to these ? Though they both have power to please, To my mind thy charms are nothing When compared with charms like those, So let Nature hold her sway, Gladly I'll the tribute pay; She, at least, is true and constant In the night as in the day. Sorrow, care, and pain relieving, She is never caught deceiving, Even in her hours of ease " Never coy and hard to please." So alone I'll bend my knees To the music of the forest And the sighing of the seas. Toss. NARRATIVE MONOPHONE, ( Words of diflerent meaning, but the same it soul, expressed n thie i,:arative. (To whoes the" cap fits.") 10.-Now, look here, Mr. Printer, what the Dickens do you mean? You don't suppose I'll let you off Scott free P That you have made an awful mess is easy to be seen- You're trying hard to make a fool of me. I wrote a con. some time ago-'twas written, too, in verue- And when I'd read it through I swore at you; For you had emphasized some words in manner shocking -worse, And my right eye oft Burns your blood to view. Since then all Smiles have pass'd away-no longer am I Gay, This error is en.Gray-ven on my Harte; Oh, Hoailtt has affected me no one can truly say, No Moore in pleasures can I take a part. Quite Haggard I am lonking, proving how I suffer Payno, You are des-l: ,. oi a fearful doom; If half a dozen schoolmasters should offer, or a Twoain, I Wood let 'em 'All CaXei you round the room. You may be much of-Fenn-ded at these Lang.uid quips of mine, And feel inclined to give me two Black eyes; Of course, I thank you all the same, but those I own are fine- I was a.Ward-ed them for being wise. It really is provoking, and Terry-fled am I Tnat some Sharp bard will think I was to blame; I only Hope they'll Ifeado this con., and then in piece I'll die, And now I've naught to do but fix my name. THEOPHILUS POTTS B. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the fnal letter of a word, l aving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 11.-" 'Tis fate to err," says Doctor Kerr, " A man's a man for a' that;" I would £ were, for I prefer The lves of any tom-cat. O study care, don't pull your hair, Be gentle, good, aud kind, sirs; For more than few will laugh at you, If you speak out your mind, sirs. Old Simon Well in business fell, And he got sadly jumped on; Alas ! poor soul, he's reached his goal, His soul and sole have long gone. Both sin and vice have not a price, And more's the pity, too, sirs; It ough~t to be taxed heavilee, 'Twould help a goodly few, sirs. Say, are you sure the snow is pure ? Are icicles all ice, sirs ? Each hailstone is full bent on biz., Which gives us good advice, sirs. The fly is light, the rose is white, Why mind forget-me-nots, O0 Ah, pity me. I'm all at sea- And so's Theophilus Potts, O. THasornitS Meon, C.C.S.
NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposoe, and form another word Is the narrative.) 12-A poet came singing one day, Tra-la I As homage to M usa to pay, Tra-la! He'd a voice that was sweet, Aud selections complete For most sceptical judgment and tastes Tra-la ! Most sceptical judgment and tastes He dilated on beauties of spring, Tra-la I That dradfually threadbare old thing, Tra.la I And he sang of the rain (Without symptoms of pain), Which he fervently hoped they admired, Tra-la ! He fervently hoped they admired. lie had odes to the lark by the score, Tra.la ! The Thames, and a great many more, Tra-la I He'd their favour to court, But his time was so short, He, like me, would the beauty condense5 Tra-la! Like me, he'd the beauty condenses They thought o'er his soul-stirring tidnd, Tra-la 1 From daisies to roses in June, Tra-la I They concurred he was wrong, Though his figures were strong, And his dirges they treated as jokes, Tra.la ! His dirges they treated as jokes. Of course you a moral expect, Tra-la ! Or failings you'll state you detects Tra-la I When odes you would sins To our " beautiful spring, Oh, sing them to personal foes, Tra-la I Pray sing them to personal foes. J. STocits, Lambeth. ARITHMOREI. (An aorostic. The letters of cross words that are Roman numerals ex1reosed in lalures.) Foundation Words. 13.-In primals you will see A lady's name That's known to fame, Within this riddling " T.' Cross Words. 1,101 and re A riddler bold, 101 ,, e Is rather cold. 1,051 ,, ser Are found in the " T.0" 6 ,, henna A bard famous will be. 1,001 ,, na:n An Irish town. 1,000 ,, gug Knight of renown. 500 ., nogro Was a soldier true. 1,500 ,, tanbrer Briug an artist to views 201 ,, sorat A riddle oft seen. 50 ,, yuo Glad season, I ween. F. E. li, Iuls DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The flnnl letters, as well as the iinitials, form a word, or words.t Foundation Weords. 14.-His primals was great when the con, was accepted, But finals he looked when the next was rejecteds Cross Words. home of those with humour tseam Always new to me they seem. All should pay a visit here Music sweet they're sure to hear. The bottle now no ink will last, So I'll give up--my riddle's past. H, A., Tottenham. SQUARE WORD3S 15.-Dear readers, find this out, I prdy; 'Tis used by fishers every day. A maiden wore one on her dress; What my name is you'll kindly guess. This is oft kept to darn a coat, Or hang a culprit by the throat. Come, readers, guess this word-pray do ; A purling river is in view. 'Ihis con. is last, as you will sae~ Can you please tell what it may be P C. F. BLAncincUi Ann C. E. BauNC,. PYRAiIID PUZZLE. Foundation Word. 1G.--This, as you all will quickly see, Is made from the bark of i tree, Cross Words, For first a consonant please state My second is a heavy weight; For third a large beat please bring forth; A drinking-can will be umy jourth. F. C. Foors, DIAMOND PUZZLE. 17.-A consonant. A grain, like corn, A well-knows poet. A portion. A consonant. J. H. Vivian, Croydoq,