THE PUZZLER. 428.—THREE CHARADES. Вт R. P. Roberts. (Selected from those sent in competition for the prize.)
1.— Sing a pœan, sons of glory, Chant a song of martial praise ; Ghastly wounds and bodies gory Now no more your view dismays. Raise your voices, upward swelling, Sounding through the vault of Heaven ; Bring forth clarions, swiftly telling "Peace once more to us is given 1" Homer sang of battles, sieges, Troy hemmed in on ev'ry side ; Te will sing, " War no more rages, Stopped is battle's crimson tide." Vital streams no more outgushing, First no more on ev'ry hand ; Men no more to carnage rushing, There 'midst death to take their stand. Primal, total checked ! Appalling Was the primal last in war ! Men were round ye falling—falling, Leaving earth for realms afar. Then exalt your deep-toned voices ; Trumpet-like exalt them high ! Earth gives thanks, and heaven rejoices, Men upraise a gladsome cry. War is ended, carnage over ; Peace extends her genial sway : Wings of concord round you hover, Peace declared. Heaven bless the day t 2,— Softly blows the summer breeze Through the tall and stately trees, Skirting first's domain. Through the leafy avenue Tread a loving, youthful two, Whisp'rings, vows, and weary sighs, Tender clasps, and tear-dimm'd eyes, Glances oft of pain. She, the maiden, loses heart, For her lover leaves ; They a little while must part, And her heart it grieves. He, all hopeful, vows devotion, Strives to soothe her wild emotion, Breathes into her ear Words of deepest, truest love ; Yet she, like a startled dove, Clings to him in anguish wild ; Vain he seeks, in accents mild, To allay her fear. Whole she dreaded 'gain to see, Pear'd his angry gaze ; All this heartfelt misery At his door sne lays. He sternly bade her love no more, Else driven homeless from his door Would be her woful lot. But love ! can mortal shun its power, And feel and lose it in an hour ? Slie braved her total's anger stern, Her heart for one did softly yearn— She lov'd him, nor forgot The mandate harsh her^total spoke ; But last from him she loved, Her tears swift flowed ; the cruel stroke Her heart to sorrow moved. 3,—Towering icebergs lift their heads in distant Arctic regions bleak ; Man asserts dominion there e'en; but ah! his power is weak- Weak as little infant prattling on the mother's ample knee: There he shows his puny power—there his truest strength we see. Ice in masses, ice in mountains, tow'ring upwards to the sky, Shone upon by Sol the glorious, blinding mortal's feeble eye; Hurling him to darken'd regions, shutting out the light of day, Weakening all his boasted glory, limiting his world-wide sway. " Icy realms for ever ghost-like, grim, unwelcome to the gaze ; Realms of dazzling greenish splendour, realms of * blazing tintedrays. When the sun in all his glory shines upon the ice-fields white, Keep, poor mortal—keep him careful, lest for aye is lost his sight ! There my first holds boisterous revel, there 'tis seen eternal heaped, Last-ing o'er that chilly region, where theicehath vig U kept- Kept, ay kept a vigil, ages cannot tell its long ex tent : Time began it, Time will end it, then its kingdom will be rent. Whirling lasts of primal, forming total solid white, and fair ; Down descends the fleecy snowflakes through the regions of the air. Arctic zone, and icy realms, see the whole on every side : Cheerless prospects, quickly from thy chilly frozen tract I'll hide ! The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in Ko. 94. %* Por answers to Puezler iu No. 82, please see preceding page. <· ■