THE CHILDREN'S PAGE.
THE Prize Awards for the Scripture Questions and Puzzles set last month will be made in our Christmas number. I. SCRIPTURE QUESTIONS. We offer a prize of Ios. Cd. and another of 5s. for the best answers to the following Scripture questions :- i. Describe in your own words three events which took place during the wandering of the Israelites in the Wilderness. 2. By whom and under what circumstances were the following words used :-" The river of Kishon swept them away, that ancient river, the river Kishon" ? 3. Write from memory the names of the twelve ewels in the foundations of the heavenly Jerusalem. 4. What do we learn from the Epistles about the character of Demas ? II. PUZZLES: We offer a prize of cos. 6d. and another of 5s. for the best solutions of the following puzzles:- BEHEADED WORD. I am an animal; behead me, and I am a grain; behead me again, and I am a preposition. DIAMOND PUZZLE. My centres read downwards and across represent a own in the Hebrides, Scotland:- My first is a consonant. My second is a town in Brazil. My third is a town in Scotland. My fourth is a continent. My fifth is a town in the Hebrides. My sixth is a crown worn by a nobleman. My seventh are birds. My eighth is a domestic animal. My ninth is either vowel or consonant. PUZZLE. Behead an Australian bird, and leave the cry of a domestic animal. Behead planks, and leave a pigment. Behead virtuous, and leave by word of mouth. Behead a circular body, and leave part of the foot. Behead unclosed, and leave a small enclosure. Behead a sign, and leave human beings. Behead to rush, and leave a tree. ANAGRAM. The same letters form each of these anagrams. Far in the -- a mandarin so grand Sat grave and solemn on his bamboo --; He drank the fragrant - of China land, And -- the queer things which the Chinese eat. RIDDLEMEREE. My first is in spoke, but not in hub; My second in pail, but not in tub; My third is in can, but not in will; My fourth is in slope, but not in hill; My fifth is in cry, but not in call; My whole is a flower beloved by all.
ENIGMA. I've seen you where you never were, And where you ne'er will be ; And yet within that very place You can be seen by me. Once in a year I'm sought with care, And all that year I'm trusted, But when that year is out, you are With my advice disgusted. RIDDLES. . What is that which is neither flesi 'nor bone, and yet has four fingers and a thumb ? . My first is a lie; my second is a lie ; my whole is the emblem of innocence. Why do ducks put their heads in the water ? What is the difference between forms and cere- monies ? What word is that which contains all the vowels in their proper order ? If the poker, tongs, an:l shovel come to £3, what will the coals come to? What is that which is above all human imperfections, a'n:l yet shelters and protects the weakest, wickedest, as well as the wisest of mankind ? What is that which a coach cannot go without, and yet is not of the least use to it ? BEHEADED SYLLABLES. Take a syllable from a word meaning a guide, and leave a clergyman. From a word meaning that which is correct, and leave a clergyman. From a word meaning to give, and leave a clergy- man. SOLUTIONS OF LAST MONTH'S PUZZLES. Charades.-r. Keepsake. 2. Mushroom. 3. Vanity. 4. Innocent. Riddles.-i. Boy. 2. Red pepper. 3. Knox. 4. The sloe. Buried Cities.-Berne, Basle, Bergen, Quito, Herat, Mandalay, Venice, Bremen. Buried Gulfs and Bays. -Bonavista, Fundy, Boothia, Tampa. Hidden Towns.-Venice, Paris, Naples, San Fran. cisco, Boston. Hidden Birds.--Heron, Robin, Turkey, Wren. Geographical Enigma. - Evesham. I. Eisleben. 2. Vimiera. 3. Elbeuf. 4. Stirling. 5. Hythe. 6. Adrianople. 7. Marseilles. Riddlemerees.-Wolfe. The letter O. RULES. (I) Answers to the Scrilptu e questions and solutions of the puzzles set this month must be sent iit by Novemn'ber loth, addressed to The Prize Editor,WoMAN AT HOMoE Office, 27, Paternoster Row, E.C. (2) Envelopes should be marked on the outside " Children's Page.' (3) The address and age, as well as the name, of the sender must be given. All children under fifteen are eligible for the competitions.