THE RIPPLE TOURNAMENT. NARR TIVE DECAPITATIONS.
first l etter of :t word, to~ io sother word, expressed wp the frst poor t o hs I i rrS5tiv 0.) hLong have I listened to the music Stealing through the " Tournee " band, Loug have I wished to swell the numbers r:ntermg in coi every hand; And uow at last I've summoned courage Just to raise mn feeble voice 'MidEt sounds of sweet and mierry singing, Which always bids my heart rejoice. No queenly omessage do I plead for, N' regal wevlcme fronl the It brelo, N' te.der wo,'ds of kindly meanIug, Though ther I e gentle in their tonel; Bult just a h.-.:rty c asp of flugers, Or e'ein I brl lit and cheernlg smile, Fr ,'' . r ili on knight or lady, .Wh help uae nobly all the wlhiee. Frol IvaLtnhole It melsSage kindly w'onbl fill my spirit with (l.:ight, And Lilian Douglas, full of ptlthos, blit'i to myself a cn. indite; For I hlave listened to their singing, And caught each symnpathizing swell, jntil a voice within imy bosoum Awoke, and bade me sing as well. cannot promise golden splendours, Or wondrolus joys of sterling worth; Icannot raise a soulr of triumph To echo over all the earth. Icaunot thrill each merry riddler l'itll sounds of music quite divine, N ,r eau 1 vwin their loe' ,n,l honour \\'lt.l such it poor, weak muse as mine. Blit I can h,11p the weak and trembling, can oend el:tlI tidiegs to their heairts, Ca., imile inl true anld earlCuesl, pLSure A- each sad th .ught for aye depirts; Al I canll whisper to thesu " Cou age," When thick within the " Tourney" fight, Al.' tr. to prove ums self as wor, hy 'MIidst other riddling powers to write. So, all ye knights and gentle ladies, Give me .t place within the throng, And let se strive, as you are striving, To raise on high the powers of song. Itake ihe vow of love and friendship, Ad gladly promise t , be true, If only you will let me enter, And sing as merrily as you. INA. -Ye vo! belay, lubbers, hitch up the taffrail, lAd batten the hatchway, me hearties; al be ropes taut, and don't lessen the sail, Bld hand round the grog to all parties. liig ye a s.ng o' the sea, 0 me boys, As I hp ye won't say it's a failur', thougla l'm It salt I am fond o' me " malt," atd I'm known as old Tom Tar, the sailor. rebino'er ther sea, boys, to nigh ivry port, In all sorts o' treacherous weather; nmanyastorm I have often been cort, An' now l' us tough as old leather. samhearty ar' well, an' I never am ill, Torheumatiz 1 am no ailer; Andno wondler why," I can hear some one cry, Ferhe knows I am Tom Tar, the sailor. hve been in a fight with the darty mounseers- When se fights yer knows that we meanu it ; eyfell'neath our blows just like wool from the shears, 'Twould ha' done ye all good to ha' seen it. Agh she tried hard to rally, she could not withstand The way we stout hearts did assail her; 'where fightin' wer' thick at his post there did stick Your trle servant, Tom Tar, the sailor. 0, once we went out to Ameriky's shore, An' rom there we went oil to Jamaica, here I soon fell in love with a gal that I saw, n' I vowed-fer a walk I would take her; Ihitched up ohe trousers and pulled me forelock, An' with three British cheers did I hail her; d she raised up her eyes, and gasped out with surprise, If it isn't old Tom Tar, the sailor !" I says," Right ye air, miss, yer sarvant am I," An' with toat I stoops down an' kissed 'er; ten without more ado, an' afore I knew why, Ot me forehead she raises a blister. Now, ye bloated old fossil, just do that agin !" She sat s-" ye old brute, to assail a emae it distress -an' I'll spoil yer own dress, Thet ye won't know ye're Tom Tar, the sailor." ucethen I have shunned all the petticoat crew, ht' don't trouble so more about 'em; Iticks to me grog, an' I sticks to me chew, Feryer knows thet I can't do without 'em. sutre l've discarded the treacherous sex I'm happy an' free as a tailor; itI d~,t' care a rap, for ye won't find the chap o0'hos asjolly as Tom Tar, the sailor. DAvr JoNEs, The Locker. DECAPITATION. 'r, I !th irst lre. u word leo vul leaving asother word.) 3.-Viewed from the summit of the hill, Adown the slope a little rill Ruos epirklitue to the stream below, 'hat swittly through the first doth flow. hlost people, when their work is o'er, Will scunter through the tavern door, And of the lnext a cup will take, And pledge all round for friendship's sake. C. BATEs. DUAGRAM. P thie first tawo le trs of a word to forml another word.) 4.-I read his verses with delight, Th'.y're always full of fun ; His partnler, too, quite witty is, And often writes a pun. To .lirt I'll say a word or two: A good .econd lhe would be, For I was heavy in the dumps Till his verses made me free. Noani B. TwostY, Cork. he~,o5r ACROSTIC. -ortds, f lnedl of innitial letters of other words.) 5,-.. Foundation Words. G, where are the rhymesters of old, ATl'e heroes of past " Tournaments" - lhdie*,s, Dreuon, and Jefferson bold, CEh," i ourney's" most prized ornaments ? 'iturnus and iehole, where are they ? Ad Philo, with his bright talents? tAnti' I praY, ye knights once so gay, Stilt Once more 'monget the gallants. est roles inlands Co I etlr; TA "sisor of worl I-wid, renown; AppliS . .s sweet d gt : se tle; 1p0ll a t til sccpl;ro nld crown A oirl h" kmelt, gay andl witty; e, :tme stllstlutous nileie; LAnd ian. e1 for scenery pretty; B·Or T, .. -,r__ .
NARRATIVE DUAGRAMS. (Change the first two letters of a word to form another word, ex- pressed In the narrative.) 6.-Days that were and are no longer, days that never can he more, Rise fr ,m out the veilbd past that silent memory travels o'er, Blurred with mists of dark oblivion resting on them for awhile; Yet they gather truth and freshness in the light of memory's smile. Come they up before my gaze and shut the world before my eyes, Dim the sense of present beauty, shroud the ever-arching skies With a tender fascination, drawing all my thoughts away From the present's gaudy glare to all the faded and the grey ; And I live in mind an'd spirit in the days that are agone, Gone for all the world, but, ah ! for me yet living, living on. Take the veil from off the face of that calm, silent past, and see All the joy the present gives, and all the future joy to be. Heaven dropned upon the ear'h to glorify it for a space ; Now I see the outward form, yet cannot see the breathing face; Form and substance still are there, but yet, ah! never yet the same, Never with the eyes of love, and never with the heart aflame ; Jewelled words and softest breathings, treasured sight and 'witching ways, They are graven in my memory that no outward face displays. Who c:tn grasp the skies' expression ? who the ocean's smile or frown ? Who the gorgeous tints and colours passing over hill and down ? Far beyond the touch of man, the highest reach of highest art. And the face that was can never be recorded in my heart. Yet in dreams, when mind and body are by sleep made separate, Then the form, more faithful, truer, to the soul can penetrate; Then the soul's expressions pass across the mirror of the face, Yet remain upon the mind, and they no waking thoughts may chase; Thus in dreams the fire is kindled, and the glowing mind aspires To the object of its worship, fruit of all its dear desires. Recollections of a thrilling touch, the haud so lightly laid, Glances seem as once more given; whispers not for passing made. All the sweet, keen fascination dies upon the breath of morn, Yet with new-made recollection yearning thoughts are newer born; We can never have the past, but what may not the future show- Richer joys, perchance, may crown it, deeper rapture it may know. What has been we may live over, bring its riches to our view; What may be we make our own with all the future fresh and new. So, dear heart, with memory ever as a joy no years can take, Let us wait for what is coming, all the glory that may break- Break for you and me, and fold us with a greater, stronger love Than the past can ever foster, than the coming years can move. _ IveNHOE, Belfast. 7,-Some folks go in for trotting with their little pony- gig, Some love the ball and racket, but for tennis, sirs, a fig I If 'twere not for the fair sex, who join us in the game, For the best of balls and rackets, faith, I wouldn't tell my name. There's the angler with his bated hook for Mluaster Fish's eye, Or that fancy little article, the artificial fly; There's boating, swimming, cycling, and-but, stay, I'm wandering ; 'Twas only of one pastime that I sat me down to sing. Of all the games within the world, the one 1 love the best, To fill the heart with gladness and intoxicate the breast, Is, out upon the verdant sward with bat, and ball, and wicket, To play that manly, upright, honest, healthy game of cricket. I love to take my bat in hand, I love to hit the ball, I love to send it spinning over some one's garden wall. It's splendid fun if you should chance to 'scape without disaster, And if you don't, it's good for those who make the sticking-plaster. J. WV. SEWELL, NARRATIVE MIONOPHONE. (Wordsof different meaning, but the same in sounj, expressed In the narrative. (With apologies to " lThe Mikado.") 8,-There is beauty in the screeching of a cat When mashing on the house-top till the dawn; There is something rather funny, When you're very short of money, To find that you have nothing left to pawn ! Yes, I own it is a pity, When you're lodging in the city, To find that you have nothing left to pawn ! There is beauty in the sound of howling babes, And grandeur in the mtaid who doesn't grin; There is something rather striking, And exactly to my liking, When a fellow sits upon a pointed pin! Do not ask him how he's faring, For he'll probably be swearing When he finds himself upon a pointed pin! There is beauty in the sight of rainy days ; There is splendour in the mystic hour of night; There is eloquence outpouring When a fellow lies n-stloring, And a little flea is trying iard to bite I We'll admit it is a pleasure When we're writing in our leisure To find a flea is trying hard to bite ! There is beauty in the "chucks " of cocks and hens; There is graudenr in the sight of Persian Shabs; There is something elevating, Which I'd better now b' stating, When you see a boy enjoying (?) strong cigars ! Though the sight, no doubt, is pretty, Still, they don't deserve our pity, So I laugh at little boys who smoke cigars I There is beauty in the - But I've said enough ! There is elhqutuc. in wrinkles ot your brow; There is btausuty in a siddl. And tih raspings of a fiddle, As there's also il the grunting of a sow I When the mnse you are iprv.king, It redly is provoking To hear the nasal music of ait s.w ! T. E. I:., lIas,:hster.
METAGRAM. (Ohan e the first letter of a word to form another word.) O.-We are here once again as terst as of yore- What a remarkable thing I It's funny, though true, that we've been here before, What a remarkable thing I T'other next I went into a cookshop to dine, An old gent wai the-a with a watch large and flne; Now, that watch left his fob and got settled in inae, A very remarkable thing ! All the morning I pondered on what had occurred, A truly remarkable thin! But that watch didn't stay with nto long, on my word, A very remarkable thingl; I won't ke' i, it secret: the times they were hard- The watch disappeared, though I I)iught a new guard; In exchalu, I received IL siimll, square piece of card- What a remarkable thing ! Chilabob: By the tiaul, the weather is splendid to-day. (luciler: A very rena, kable thing I) I'm going to town a short vinit to pay. (Luc'er: A truly remark;:ile thing!) Into Exeter fall, Luce, I went " like a bird," " Womue's Rights" was the topic that night to be heard, And a woman sat there who said never a word. (Luciier: lhAt it remuareable thing !) Lucijer: The mashers are getting quite human, you know. (Clitabob : Well, thai,'s a remarkable thing!) Their collars are cut down three inches or so. (Clhitaboib: A very remarkable thing i) The Shah has arrived, lie of '70 fame, And is visiting Anugleterre " eber de same;" If he pays for his visit the folks will exclaim, " Oh, what a remarkable thing !" And now once again we must bid you adieu- That's not a remarkable thing ! You know all our verses ire sparkling and new, A very remarkable thing! Though our names you in secret anathematize, To find us both out you must be very wise ; If you knew who we were you would shout in surprise, " Oh, what a remarkable tli':g l" LucIIF t AND i nuITAnoI. NARRATIVE MITAGRIAMS. (The first letter of a ordl is chliangodl. to forz ae nther word, ex- pressed in thyi: Inarrati've., 10.-At an opportune time iMugg is free to resumeo His r.lisslon in "'l'ournascnt " frays, For a con. by a knight made ins loyal heart fume, And the promptings of right he obeys. Philander has sworn to be pitted in war 'tielist all who oppose our good queen, And a caution he sends to the doubting ones, sot In many a fight lie has been. Oh, Hercules, ye of the fossilized name, I rej ct your proposals with scorn ; Your pleas for rebellion will bring you to shame, And leave you an outcast torlorn. No statements I've ventured to make you suppose I wished to ac-sceptre bright crown; Five shllluigs I'd take-but not to depose A maiden who never does frown. I made an attempt to be funny just then, And p'r'ups it was better for you, For great is my vengeance, and terrible, when It descends on a traitorous crew. I would not be king, though desired of Queen Nell To teigu as a consort with her; So let the rememlbrance how Mercian fell From actions disastrous deter. I fancy I've seen Vagabonda before; His spirit is closely allied To one who was mixed in an early uproar, As now, on the quarrelsome side. With Toss as his nominee favour will go, But Toss has not givou assoent, And I am afraid that his ainswer will show Another one time has misspent. PHILANDEIR MeUGo, 1. O. W. 11.-Cuchullin comes from Erin's shore To be liher sihamroci, knighlt, To laud her name, advance lier fa.ue, In Tournamental fight. A free-lance in his heart is he, He owus nor king nor queen ; Dearer to him the battle grim Than ballroom's festive sheen. His banner flaunting to the wind A silver shamrock bears, And cometl he across the sea To light each one that dares. Ye gallants of the " Tourniumenut," Seek out your bravest arms; And ladies fair, do ye be there To glad us with your charms. A friendly tussle let us have, Then mirth couclude the day; On one and all 1 hereby call Their prowess to display; No knight e'er fears to meet his peers In battle's glad array. CUCHULLIN, THE SHIAMRiOCK KNIGHT. NARRATIVE OMEGRAM. (The last letter of t a nr"1 iv el:ul1n. , Lto firin an:other word, ex- pressed inl tie narraiv . 12.-A pale, mild youth, with long, straight hair, Aud face that shone withl genius bright, Sat down within an easy-chair, An elegy, on ldeath, to wiite. With foolscap and a brand-new pen, He set about the pleasant task; " I need but write," he cried, " and then In Fortune's smiles I'll surely bask !" " O Death," began our fluent seruic, 'then paused to wipe his burning brow. "A glass of wine I'll now ivmbil,,. A grand beginning this, I vow !" He leant back in his chair a while, And deemed his fortune quickly made; And such a soft, effulgent smile Upon his sweet lips gently played. But, ah ! a voice from depths below Rang out all lharshly on his ear: " Come down at ouce; I waut yer, Joe, Ter go and fetch the dinner beer." *' Alas!" he cried, and quickly scrawled " O Bier l" and staggered to his feet. " I'm coming, mother, now," he bawled; " Them pickled inious smell so sweet !" LLIIAN M. DOUGLAs, London. ENIGMIA. 13.-1 am in the chair, but seldom I "spout," For I'u scarcely heard when miembers do shoat " Hea:r, hear!" and. frsooth, I'm lost in the throng, Taking part with the right, but not the wrong. I am hieard but once each mouth of the year, And I second each vote of thanks aud chler; I'mi fi'st for L,,iue Rule, and it is well kiown I jin wIih th. Whigs, leaving Tories alone. In, acih party fielht, thlough hushed in an hour, I finish my speech with dignified power. Alwys in hasbte, I grow falut in the hurry, But ith ,Ih in a heat, I'm niot in a woriry. I iI w.:ll iout of reach : c tch if you can, sir; You hlave in your hand thi, corraeit answelr. R. WTrT, Glasgow.
NARRTATIVI PALINDROMES, (A word which rend backwards or forwards Is still the same, ex- pressed in the narrativo.) 14.-" Farewell, my son," the mother cried; To stop her tears in vain she tried. "Perhaps you'll ne'cr return," she sighed. Rat a.platn ! "Ta, ta, my beauty,' said the boy. " Shut up your row, and don't annoy; Your tears shall yet be ones of joy." bat-a.plan ! HIe got a drummer's job by chance, And soon was sent to fieht in France; He vowed he'd make the froggies dance, Rat-a-plan I "They'll never conquer this child," he says, Unless they cut nme all to pieces, Then farewell uncles, aunts, and nieces." Rat-a-plau ! Next day he stood upon the field, And while his urumsticks he did wield, He swore that he would never ) ield. t Rat-a-plan! A shot came hurtling through the air; It missed his head, but shaved his hair. " Ball," said our hero, " I don't care !" Rat-a-plan ! " What's coming; next to me, I wonder," A shot just then his legs took under, But still he beat away like thunder, Rat-a-plan ! Then one more robbed him of his head. "It's getting rather rough," he said, " But I shan't die until I'm dead !" Rat-a.-plan " Stop that!" he yelled, in great alarm- Some Frenchman lopp. d away an arm ; So with one left he beat, quite calm, Rat-a-plan 1 A bomb came Dang into his chest, It burst as he excl.tited, " I'm blest !" And then he laid hun down to rest Rat-a-plan! It all was o'er, the deed was done, The battle fought and fairly won; They said 'twos through that mother's son. Rat-a-1lan [ That night in camp, while sleeping sweet The soldiers heard the old retreat t 'lhe boy's heart hal not ceased to beat Rat-a-plan !l HEcroit, Sonthamptdnli 15.-I loved a maid with all my heart; 'Twas bona fide on my part- Of sweethearts I had plenty; We met-'twas in a field of corn, She'd nothing imuch to do that morn. Oh, dolce Jir ninte !i My love for her did daily thrive, Her age, perhanu, was twenty-five, And I was only twenty; Though not a wit or bel esprit, I told her all she was to me, Alf'ettuosaimen o. But ere my song of love was sung She sweetly said that I was "young," Of sweetness slhe had plenty; I thought her cruel in my mind, But now I think that she was kind, For I was only twenty. J. W. "ELL. NARRATIVE PRECE-OMEGRAM. (Change the last letter but one of a word to form another word. expressed in the narrative.l 16.-Dear are the days that have long since departed, Days when my spirit was fres; Sweet were the times when I roamed happy-hearted Over the meadows with thee, Out of the friends that my memory traces, Friends once so careless and gay, Thine is the sweetest and fairest of faces, Beautiful Dorothy Gray. Long have I mourned o'er this life's incompleteness, Watching my day-dreams depart, Yet there's a touch of life's old faded sweetness Lingering d-ep in my heart. O for the breath of th-. sweet purple heather I O for the sceut of the hay! O for the days when we rambled together, Beautiful Dorothy Gray! Vain is the wish --they have gone with the flashes Or life's daily pleasures and pai-,s. What, is the use of disturbing the ashes ? Nothing but sorrow rem-tins. Can I forget thee, my darling Ahl, never I As w.vll take the sun fromt the day. Thrice happy were 1 had I won thee for over, Beautiful Dorothy Gray. H. A. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. DIAMOND PUZZLE. 17.-A letter. Part of a man's dress. A number. A retired living. A bird. A town in Spain. A girl's name. Sotimething eatable. A vowel. INUoa r, Widnes. CONUND )RUMS. 1.-What are the only suits that last longer than yoti want them ? 2.--What English county is most intricate? J. J. DENNETT, Widnes. 3.-What bird depends most for flihlit ont its tail ? 4.-What bird tells the hunter what to do next after loading his rifle ? 5.- What birds could we not live without ? 6.-What birds shunld keep out of the sun ? 7.-What birds have a right to imitate the crow ? ANswFxs.-1. Lawsnits. 2. Notts (knots). 3. The kite. 4. Cock-a-too (Cock it, too). 5. Swallows. 6. Wax-wings. 7. The macaws. 4- f -