(x ýC e y x to ` ýt ithrnsi#IX
**- ORIGINAL CONTRIBUTIONS ONLY are required, a and must be accompanied by name and address. Any Puzzle . or Charade received after this dale, and found to hape been copied from other publications, will not be inserted, and no furthtIer contributlOns ftonh the same person will be accepted. I yVo Puzzle will be accepted unless the Solution is pro- o perly worked out. Numbered Charadeb in particular must I loae FULL answers sent with them. 625. My whole is a town in Africa; transposed, I amn in England; transpose again, I am a metal; curtailed, I an an English river; again transpose, I am a beverage. PIUNEER. 626. My whole is a vegetable; change its head, I am a society. PIONEER. 627. My whole is a firebrand; change its head, I am a colour. PIONEER. 628. A vowel ; ,n animal ; a town in England ; an animal; a female name ; a weapon; a consonant. My centrals read down and across give an animal. PLONEER. A consonant ; merry; a ditch; a foreign coin; the act of tasting; a BoYS OF ENGLAND hero ; vast ; an In- dian town; a step; one; a consonant. Centrals real either way show the name of a BOYS OF ENGLAsND hero. J. LEA. Whole, I am to whiten ; delete second letter, I border on the sea; behead, I am either of two ; transpose, I am a pain. J. LEA. 631. One- third of .1ay ; Onc-f'urth of play; And ihen one tilth us right. One-tlhrd of gay; One-fonrth of play ; And then ote sixth of bright. Onc-oourth of grey; One-nfth of trait; Will bring a girl to sight. J. LEA. 632. One-third of ire; One-fonl th of mire; And then olte-tifth of might. One-third of ell; One-fourth of yell; A female's brought to sight. J. LEA. 633. Put one and ten aright, Suotract two, add one; The answer, when you have done, Will sure to leave eight. 634. Find a city in Eng!and, which, when five other letters are added to it, will give the name of a county in Ire- land. 635. 1,000 and hnest An English river. 50 ,, ovrie A boy's name. 1,010 ,, aeb A girl's name. 50 ,, fy An insect. 530 ,, none An English city. 50 ,, vieo A girl s name. 1,050 ,, era A kingdom. 50 ,, else A girl's name.. 1,000 ,, taregra A girl's name. 550 ,, serf A boy's name. 50 , ge A part of the human frame. 50 ,, nicno An English county. 0 My initials name a hero in the BOYS OF ENGLAbND. E. LOVELL. 636. 1,.500 and idano A precious stone. " ,, obeai A girl's name. 1,100 ,, a An English river. 1,50 ,, elken A boy's name. 1,000 ,, treygoe A science. 500 ,, xorof An English county. 600 ,, thrar A boy's name. 1,500 , dsuaoee A character in Othello. S ,500 ,, rnoo A boy's name. 50 ,, korfon An English county. SMy initials name a hero in the BOYS OF ENGLAND. E. LOVELL. 637. I am composed of 12 letters. My 9, 3, 1l, 10, 1 is a shrub ; my 11, 2, 8, 6 is a strata- gem,; my 5, 7, 6, 4 is a chain of low rocks; my whole is a city of North America. W. V. O'CONNELL. 638. Behead to experience. get a fish; behead a litter of pigs, get a weapon; behead the handle of a printing press, get an animal; behead a scabbard, got a shrub. W. V. O"'ONNELL. 630. My first is to embarrass; my second is to disembark; mY whole is a river in North America. WV. V. O'CONNELL. 640. A bird; sleeping; an envoy from the Pope: peril; to confer; slowly. My prinmals read down give an ulanof Europe; my finals read down give a city in Wurope. W. V. O'CONNLL.
641. A robber: a town in Kent; a drink used in India; a college in Oxford; a river in Australia; the gcuntleman in black; and lubricat.d. The initials and finals of each of the above words will give the name of a very popular and amusing publication. F. W. HOLlES. 642. John has got a house in London; he broke a jug; P Ethel, be quiet; have you had our carriage; we vent ft out for a run; he came from Kent to see us.-Hiddcn a Rivers. 643. Aaaabbbcdoeeehilmnnnnoooprtttty. . Abeeeffhiiillnosssssttu. G45. ÷ Aaaccg11111oprs.I 646. Aa a aaabedd (ieeee efghiikllmmnnno opqrrsssttttuvwwy. 617. Abddeeffgnoooortttuu.-Proverbs. 648. *Hwhe ttiilwhg seltsa gaoln het dgonnr, Dan lal bet esbll rea rgugnii adoru, Noe. owt, etreh, urfo, dna ifve; I a y ym ydtus dwwnio its, I Dan ptiwar ni yman a mlgius ift, Ot sbils ma lal laevi. -Cryptograph. 619. 3My first is found in many, bnt never in a few; My pecond is always found in old, b.it never found in new; My third is always icund in house, though never seen in fMy fourth is surely found in knife, likewise, too, in spoon; My fifth you always see in song, though never found in tune; My -ixth you never find in May ; but always do in June; My sevvernt.h is alwa;y eCnL in ac,, but never c- oa in king; My eighth you always rind in broach, though 'tis never in My niut ! is surely found in kick, and cannot be in thump ; 3My tenth you always see in hit, but never in a bump; My eleventh is never found in jug, but always in a p!rte; My twelfth you cannot fuid in talk, though always seen in prate; My thirteenth is always found in stick, though never is in wool ; My fourteenth you find in naughty, but never do in good; My fifteenth is surely seen in way, but never in a road; My sixteenth you never find in frog, though always found in toad; My seventeenth you find in Mary, also is found in Jenny; My eighteenth you see in halfpenny, but never see in penny; My nineteenth is found in husband, though never is in wife; My twentieth is found in Dan. but never found in Mike; My twenty-tir-t is seen in chick, also 'tis seen in he ; M3y twenty.secotn you find in ink, b.,t never is in pen; My twenty-third is found in strife, though cannot be in war ; My twenty-fourth is seen in 'bus, but never seen in car; My twenty-tifth is found in mouth, likewise is found in nose; My twenty-sixth is seen in jay, but never is in crow; ; My twenty-seventh is not in gold, though always is in tin ; My twenty-eighth is not in rum, but surely is in gin ; My twenty-ninth is found in brown, but never found in black; My thirtieth is not in big, though always is in sack; My thirty-first is found in when, likewise 'tis found in where; My thirty-second is not in wolf, but always in a bear. Now, clever riddler, if you try, You will guess this puzzle by-and-bye; If you do--mind, if you do- A tale in this journal you'll bring to view,