VARIETIES. RIDDLE NO. 5.
Here's a riddle-it's new to thee: What is that which we often see, Called neither It, nor He, nor She, And parted before united to be ? MEMjORY.-The memory is like atrue friend; it loves to be trusted.--ay. How many straws go to a goose's nest ?- Answer. Not one, for straws not having feet cannot go anywhere. WHAT man getteth his living backwards ? -A ropemaker. TALK about thosesubjects you have had long in your mind, and listen to what others say about subjects you have studied but recently. Knowledge and timber shouldn't be much used till they are seasoned.- O. W. Holmes. IT is by no means a small matter to despise small matters. ONE WAY OF CHOOSING A WIFE.--" A place for everything, and everything in its place," said the patriarch to his daughter. " Select a wife, my son, who will never step over a broomstick." The son carefully treasured up the lesson. "Now," pleasantly said he one day to one of his companions, "I appoint that broomstick to choose me a wife. The young lady who will not step over it shall have the offer of my hand." The ladies passed by the broomstick, some stumbling over, and others jumping over it. At length a young lady stooped and put it in its place. The promise was fulfilled; she became the wife of an edu- cated and wealthy young man, and he the husband of a prudent, industrious, and lovely wife. He brought a fortune to her, and she knew how to save one. It was not easy to decide which was under the greatest obliga- tion; both were rich, and each enriched the other. LOSING AND GAINING.-He that loses anything and gets wisdom by it is a gainer by the loss.-L'Estrange. RIDDLE No. 6. I'm a friend to the poor, and the rich, and the great, I'm quite near the Queen on occasions of State, Of course I am polished, or I shouldn't be there, Nor take part in the feast of the great Lord Mayor. At festival dinners I'm sure to be seen, Dressed sometimes in brown and sometimes in green. With political parties I've nothing to do, The Whig I support and Conservative, too, I comfort the aged, I'm frequently told I'm as fond of the young as I am of the old. I can't tell my feelings of joy and of pride When good little girls .come to play at my side. And if brothers more rude, Tom, Bill, Bob, and Jack, Come tumbling and scrambling to climb up my back Or makle me a horse on a dull rainy day, I let them alone, not a word do I say. Now to find out my name, you must use all your wits, You will pull me to pieces, and cut me to bits. But don't touch my tail, for that I can't spare, You may cut off my head, but you must leave my hair. K. F. W. ANSWER TO RIDDLE No. 3.--The Letter H. SELF.-Say nothing respecting yourself either good, bad, or indifferent nothing good, for that is vanity; nothing bad, for that is affectation; nothipg iz different, for thlt is illy,